(Phineas is sleeping in his bed in their bedroom in the family house.)

Danny Jacob: ♪ Na, na na ♪

Phineas: Yes! Hey, Ferb! (Throws pillow at Ferb) It's Candace's birthday! We gotta do better than last year.

(a brief flashback)

Gorilla: (Comes out cake; Roars)

Candace: AAH! (Slams door)

(Flashback ends)

Phineas: Not our best work. This time it's gotta be something huge!

(Candace has a fantasy in her bedroom.) (Song: "She's Candace")

♪ She's Candace♪

♪ Like the Venus de Milo♪
♪ Except she's not armless and handless ♪

♪ She's got a big, honking truckload
♪ of ship-launching qualities ♪

♪ And this is the reason ♪

♪ She bears no resemblance to a praying mantis ♪

♪ (Candace) A name with 7 letters! ♪

♪ (Candace) Only wears designer sweaters! ♪

♪ (Candace) She's got an allergy to dairy! ♪

♪ (Candace) And she's anything but ordinary! ♪

(Perry chatters)

Candace: (wakes up to reality) Perry? (the platypus is on Candace's bed; In the kitchen, Candace gives Perry to Ferb where he and Phineas are having breakfast) This is yours, I believe.

Linda: Happy birthday, Candace! I made you a special breakfast! (Shows a pile of pancakes with whipped cream and a birthday candle on top)

Lawrence: And after that, we have a surprise!

Candace: What is it?! Where is it?!

Lawrence: We have to drive to it.

Candace: (gasps) Ooooh!!! 

(Later, in the family car)

Candace: (on the back seat) Is it the mall?

Linda: (offscreen) No.

Candace: Okay... (looks around) but it's the mall, right?

Lawrence: (The car enters; offscreen) No, it's Mount Rushmore.

Candace: Wait. Please don't tell me we're going to Mt. Rushmore...

Linda: Isn't it great?(Looks at a pamphlet) Four American presidents carved into the side of a mountain.

Lawrence: It was Phineas and Ferb's idea!

Phineas: (Candace gives Phineas a furious glare) You're welcome.

(In the parking lot...)

Lawrence: Okay. You lot go on ahead. I'll find a parking spot and meet you there! (drives off)

Phineas: We're going up to the monument. Come on, Perry.

Linda: Okay, we'll join you in a minute!

(In the gift shop)

Linda: (cntd) Okay, Candace. It's your birthday, you can pick out anything you want. Ooh, what about the Mt. Rushmore bobble head?

Candace: Mom, that's lame.

Linda: Okay. How about this cute, cuddly Lincoln?

Candace: Jeremy? (Runs to counter) Hi, Jeremy.

Jeremy: Hey, Candace.

Candace: What are you doing here?

Jeremy: Ah, I'm just here on the Mr. Slushy Burger worker exchange program.

Candace: Um...(Clattering) Uh, oh, well, it's my birthday today, and...I...uh...(Clattering) I gotta check something. Back in a flash, 'kay? (Zips off outside; Deeply) Where'd they go?

(Back inside, Isabella and her troop called the Fireside Girls entered)

Isabella: Hi, Mrs. Fletcher.

Linda: Oh, hi, Isabella. What brings you girls here?

Isabella: Fireside Girls field trip. Um, is Phineas here?

Linda: Mmm hmm. He and Ferb are up on the monument.

(Meanwhile...)

Phineas: Possibilities. (Ferb gives a thumbs up) Hey, where's Perry?

(Perry dons his fedora and takes a trashcan tunnel, it makes sense in context, back to his main agent entrance at the Flynn-Fletcher household before turning on the monitor to get his mission from Monogram)

Major Monogram: Good morning, Agent P. Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to no good again. We just discovered his new hideout is located inside Lincoln's head at Mt. Rushmore. (Perry scowls) I-I know. You were just there. Poor planning on our part, actually. Sorry.

(Shift to Rushmore)
Candace: (growling voice) Phineas?! Ferrrrb?! Ohh.

Man: Hey, honey. What are them kids doing up on the monument?

Candace: Let me see that. (Looks through the binoculars, sees Phineas and Ferb on the monument and gasps) Mom! Mom, you've got to see this now. Here, look!

Linda: Oop. Ran out of time.

Candace: Oh, (Rummaging) Here, look now!

Linda: (She looks through the telescope, but the water blocks the action) Oh, Old Reliable Geyser. How exciting! (at Candace) I'm just gonna go back to the gift shop.(Candace looks through the telescope, the water has halted gushing. Candace cringes and stomps off, causing the telescope to bounce up to Perry, who enters Lincoln's head to Doofenshmirtz's lair)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! Your timing﻿ is impeccable. And by impeccable I mean: Completely peccable! (Laughs) You are just in time to witness my latest scheme. Behold, my Drill-Inator! I will bore a tunnel to China, build a toll highway, and make millions! So, as they say in China: Arrivederci! (Perry uses his own drill machine to drill into Doof's Drill-inator and begins delivering punches)

Phineas: Now, where should we start?

Isabella: (dreamy voice) Hi, Phineas. What'cha doin'?

Phineas: It's a surprise.

Isabella: Can I help?

Phineas: We could use a lookout!

Isabella: You got it! (She rushes to trees and looks with her binoculars; birds squawking)

(at the Gift Shop...)
Cashier: Uh, ma'am, if you handle the big stick, you gotta buy it.

Candace: Mom! You gotta see what Phineas and Ferb are doing!

Ranger: (On megaphone) Uh, excuse me. Aren't you boys a little young to be restoring a national monument?

Phineas: (Ferbs holds the megaphone; On megaphone) Yes. Yes, we are.

Ranger: Well, it's good to see young people taking an interest in our national heritage.

Doofenshmirtz: (Grunting and screaming)

Computer Voice: Hull overheating. Hull overheating.

Doofenshmirtz: The molten lava at the earth's core completely slipped my mind. (They pull away, just as the lava flows above them.) Oh no! The lava is following us!!! (Perry uses a drill to divert the lava.) The lava is being diverted. You did it, Perry the Platypus! You saved us! (The drill comes back and Perry turns into the upper left and the lava is still pursuing them.) I hate to be a stickler, but the lava is coming again!!! Faster!

Candace: Wait 'till you see what those two are up to!

Isabella: (singsong) She's coming!

♪ Phineas and Ferb Theme Song instrumental as they rush to finish up their gift ♪

Isabella: (cntd) (Candace and Linda are coming up the stairs) She's getting closer!!

Phineas: We're running a little behind on schedule. Go to Plan B.

Isabella: (on bullhorn) Plan B, girls!

(The Fireside Girls haul something over to the viewing site)

Candace: You are gonna be shocked by what I'm about to show you, Mom. (They arrive at the viewing area, but Candace is the one who's surprised, not Linda. What they see is cardboard, Mount Rushmore)

Linda: Hmm. I guess some things look better in photos. (Phone rings) Oh, it's Dad. (walks away)

Lawrence: Hi, honey! I found an absolutely brilliant parking space! (widen to reveal a huge parking lot, an arrow shows where the car is)

Linda: (Going down the stairs) Great! I'll meet you at the gift shop, Dear. I still have to buy that big stick.

Candace: (Candace still stares shocked at what she saw. A bird knocks the cardboard down revealing the real Mount Rushmore) Huh?

Phineas: Now! (He and Ferb swing on ropes, revealing a hideous looking Candace statue. Candace is still shocked; long pause) Oops. (Ferb hammers a rock, the hideous statue crumbles, revealing a proper Candace statue. Briefly, Candace is still shocked, but it turns into happiness)

Candace: Huh? (tears up, sobs) Why it's... (sobs) i-it's...Iiiiit's beauuuutifullll...! (sobs) Mooooom!!! (runs down the stairs) Mom! (trips) I've gotta show you something right now! (drags her) Come on! Follow me!

Linda: Candace, are you still trying to get the boys in trouble?

Candace: No! No, no, this is a great thing! Oh, it's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me!

Linda: (tries to climb the stairs) You know, Candace, this is the second time I've climbed up there! I'm already down half a dress size!

Candace: Come on! Hurry!

(Shift to the Drill-inator, it bursts out of the "nose" on the Candace statue)

Doofenshmirtz: Aah! (Perry locks the Drill-inator's target onto the Old Reliable Geyser and jumps off) Wait, where are you going? Aah! (The Drill-inator lands on the geyser) I'm okay, I -- (spins around and gets flung away) AAH! Fie upon you, Perry the Platypuuuuus! (Perry parachutes down to safety)

(Shift back to Candace)

Candace: Hurry, Mom! You won't believe it! (Spots of lava form on the statue)...Huh?
 (Lava bursts out of the spots on the statue; Gasps) Ewwwww! (More lava bursts out. She gets shocked. The statue explodes as an orchestra plays music to match the feeling and Phineas and Ferb roast hot dogs on the lava. Water from the geyser spurts out from under the Drill-inator at the lava, cooling it; Her expression changes to depression.)

Linda: Whew! Finally made it, honey! Now, what is it you wanted me to see?

Candace: Bu...bu...! (Camera shows the lava smoke vanishing, revealing the normal monument, no Candace statue and all)

Linda: You're right! It's beautiful! (hugs her) Happy birthday, honey. (Kisses Candace's cheek) Now let's go find your father. (She walks away)

Candace: (the camera zooms in on her, saddened) Ugh! (bangs her head on the iron rod)

(Phineas and Ferb come over)

Phineas: (He and Ferb come over) Did ya like your birthday present?

Candace: Uh-huh, uh... (walks away)

Ferb: Well, it was definitely better than the gorilla in the cake.

(cut to black)

(continuing from the ending: Candace is sadly descending the stairs)

Jeremy: (comes over with a gift box) Hey, Candace! I had a break, and I, uh, I thought I'd give you this for your birthday. (Gives her the box, she opens it) I saw you looking at it in the gift shop.

Candace: (takes out her present) A Mt. Rushmore bobblehead.

Jeremy: Eh—You like it? (Pause)

Candace: (Dreamily) Oh! I absolutely love it...

Jeremy: Great. I gotta get back. Happy birthday! (walks away waving; Pause)

Candace: (boxes up her present) This was the best birthday ever! (walks away)

(Suspense music plays as Perry parachutes in the background, which trails into the closing logos.)

