(Scene opens up at the backyard)

Linda: Hey, boys.

Phineas: Hi, Mom!

Linda: (cut to the boys) What are you up to today?

Phineas: We're racing our remote-controlled monster trucks. (their remotes clicking)

Linda: I don't see any monster trucks.

Phineas: Oh, that's 'cause we rigged them to go light-speed. You know how those stock motors are. They never give you enough action.

Linda: (oblivious) You boys have such active imaginations. You must get it from your father.

(Swift upward to Lawrence)

Lawrence: Let's see... Green goes to number 5. (Laughs) I'm painting!

(Shift back outside)

Linda: , (the car arrives) Oh, Charlene's here. I'm off to my cooking class.

Phineas: Bye, Mom. Final lap, Ferb. (The cars suddenly materialize and speed off, leaving behind trails of fire a la Back to the Future) Aw! Another photo finish. I'm never watching closely enough to see who won.

Candace: (laying on her bed in her room, she answers her video phone as it rings; it's Stacy) Despair speaking.

Stacy: Care to explain why "Despair" isn't picking up her cell phone this morning?

Candace: Because of a little thing called PARALLEL PARKING! See yesterday, Dad was teaching me how to drive...

(The previous day...)

Lawrence: Okay, Candace. All you have to do is park between this plastic trash can, and that plastic trash can.

Candace: So I put it in reverse... (drives back and forth slamming into the two trash cans) Aah! (8x)

(present day; moving phone back and forth) Aah! (3x) (Sobbing) Then Dad said my parallel parking needs a little work! (Inhales) It means I'll never get my driver's license! I'm such a loser.

Phineas: Oh my gosh, Ferb. I can't believe it! I've never noticed how soft our carpets are. But more importantly, we have to help Candace get her confidence back. Any ideas?

(In the garage, Ferb pulls out blueprint)

This is perfect! The Candace Crusher! Nothing says confidence like a monster truck. Hey, where's Perry?

(Slide squeaking)

Major Monogram: Oh, hey Agent P. So, get this: I got this memo this morning on Doofenshmirtz. And somebody abbreviated his name and it- guess how they wrote it. (Pauses) Doof! (Laughs) The Doof! (Laughs again) It's times like these when you really appreciate having a cool name like Monogram.

Carl: And Carl.

Major Monogram: I already told you your name's not that cool. Anyway, do your stuff, Agent P, and stop that- DOOF! (Laughs)

(At the backyard...)

Phineas: Take it all the way back. Keep it moving. Waterfall, the orange cones, parts, left to the garage, bleachers, right, um, Giant Baby Head... anywhere's good.

(Blow torch fizzing, rocks being scooped, drill whirring)

Lawrence: (Instrumental: "Rule, Britannia!"; Lawrence finishes his panting of the Queen; he kisses her mouth; Horn honking from outside) Oh, hey boys.

Phineas: Dad, you might want to wipe the Queen off your face.

Lawrence: Oh, oh, yeah, thanks. (Notices the monster truck) Crikey, a monster truck!

Phineas: Yeah! Isn't it sweet!? It's to help teach Candace how to parallel park and stuff. We figured if she learned how to drive one of these monsters, she’d have the confidence to drive anything.

Lawrence: Oh yeah, brilliant. But I better check with Mum about this. (At phone) Uh, hello honey, yes, yes, oh gosh, I love you too, darling. Uh, are you aware the boys have a monster truck in the backyard?

Linda: (at Chef Guilbaud's) Honestly, you're as bad as Candace.

Lawrence: Okay, okay. Just checking. (At Phineas and Ferb) It's a go, boys! I'll get your sister!

Cooking Instructor: (Shift back to the Cooking class) Ahem. Madam Flynn, I have told you a hundred times, (Bashes phone, word-by-word) No phone calls in class! (Phone ringing; Laughs) Hello? (To Linda) It is for you.

Linda: Hello?

Candace: Mom, I think the boys are building a monster truck.

Linda: Um, honey, I gotta go. No- B-Big chef. Big meat tenderizer in front of mommy. Bye bye.

(At the backyard)

Candace: Oh, this seems like a good idea.

Phineas: I've gotcha.

Candace: Oh, what's the point? I'm never gonna be able to parallel park.

Phineas: Don't worry, sis. It's just to build your confidence.

Lawrence: Okay, don't forget to buckle up.

Candace: But we can't drive here. It's just the backyard. (Phineas and Ferb pulls rope, revealing the Monster Truck Rally) Meap!

(Cut to:) ♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Gentlemen, I have a unique investment opportunity for you. I'm sure you're all aware of the popularity of monster trucks, right But you know, they are not really monsters, just big, stupid trucks! So, I came up with my own line of monster trucks! Behold! (Electric Guitar) Very evil, don't you think? And there's even one that looks like me! Look, look! (Laughs) We'll corner the markets! And just to be sure, I have created: The Monster Truck Away-inator! (Dramatic music) You know, to do away with the competition.

Evil Investor: But is it safe to use?

Doofenshmirtz: Sure, let me demonstrate. (Fires laser, shooting at the evil investor) See? It doesn't affect people at all! (the evil investor's head swells up) Except maybe a little swelling, but don't worry, it will go down. You know, probably. Now, watch what it does to this miniature monster truck! (Fires laser; Evil Investors talking at once) I don't know where it sends them, maybe another dimension.

Alien: (Eats the miniature truck)

Doofenshmirtz: (shift back to D.E.I.) Of course, that was just a toy. Let's try it out on a real monster truck. Huh? Which brings me to my next invention. The Monster Truck Locate-Inator! (notices the animal at top) Perry the Platypus? Guess what? That's not a monster truck locate-inator at all! It's a Chinese platypus trap! (Laughs) I got you. Here's the real Locate-inator! Okay, now, where is the nearest monster truck? Yes! Right here in Danville! Okay, everybody, get in me and we'll go.

Evil Investor: Are you sure you want to bring him?

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Well, yes, of course. He's my nemesis. I have to show him everything.

News Reporter: Good afternoon, Danville! Dink Winkerson here, and this is little Isabella Garcia-Shapiro from Fireside Girl Troop 46231. And she's got a little announcement to make.

Isabella: (inhales, man's voice) Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday! Giant monster truck rally right here in Danville! Candace the Crusher takes on all comers! Be there, be there, be there! We'll give you the whole seat, but you'll only need the edge! (normal voice) Thanks, Dink.

(At the Monster Truck Rally... in the backyard)

Phineas: All right, Candace. All you have to do is maneuver through this traffic cone course.

Candace: Oh. So I put it into drive... AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH!

Phineas: I don't think we're gonna get the deposit back on those cones.

(the next course) Okay, Candace. All you have to do on this test is go up this gentle incline.

Candace: Dad, you look nervous.

Lawrence: No, of course not. I- I have full confidence in you.

Candace: (Rock music) Phineas, this incline is getting kind of steep!

Phineas: Don't worry, Candace. It gets steeper! (Monster truck revving) Next, the break portion of the test. (Squeaking; Crowd cheering)

Candace: (Gasps) I can't believe I did it!

Lawrence: (Breaks handle) Oh, well done!

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, left on to Maple Drive, and here we are! Oh, great. There's no parking spot! I should've invented a Parked Car Away-Inator.

Evil Investor: Oh, ja! Zat is something that I vould buy.

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, look at him. He's got a big head, suddenly some sort of marketing genius.

(Back at the Rally)

Lawrence: Oh, well done, Candace! Next we'll- (Cars revving)

Monster Truck Driver: You're Candace the Crusher?

Candace: Yes...?

Monster Truck Driver: I heard pigs could fly, but now I've seen everything! (Laughs)

Candace: That doesn't make any sense.

Monster Truck Driver: It doesn't have to; I got a monster truck! Woohoo..!

Lawrence: Candace, those dudes need to suck our mud!

(Song: Truck Drivin' Girl)

Phineas and Ferb: ♪ Now let me tell you all the story 'bout a truck driving girl ♪

♪ In a custom made monster truck she took for a whirl ♪

♪ That little speed demon gonna be a star ♪

♪ With her learner's permit and an adult in the car ♪

♪ She may be out for a lark, but she can't parallel park, ♪

♪ She's a truck drivin' girl! She's a truck drivin' girl! ♪

(Guitar solo)

[Candace: AAH!]
♪ Well, someday she'll get her license and she'll have it all ♪

♪ She can pick up her friends and take a drive at the mall ♪

♪ That little redhead gonna rock my world, ♪

♪ She's a truck drivin' girl! She's a truck drivin' girl! ♪

♪ She's a tire-spinning, gear-grinding, clutch-burning, backfiring, paint-trading, red-lining, overheating, throttle-stomping truck drivin' girl! ♪

Phineas: It's a photo finish! The winner will now be decided by our final event: The Parallel Parking Challenge!

Candace: Parallel Parking?

Monster Truck Driver: Ha ha! You're goin' down, girlie! Check out the finesse! (Backs up car, hits trash can) AAAAAAAAH! (repeatedly bashes the trash cans) AAH! AAH! AAH...!

Lawrence: See, Candace? Even a trained professional has trouble from time to time. Now, I want you to just relax, and park this car!

Candace: (Parks car perfectly) Yes!

Ferb: (Playing Fanfare)

Phineas: (as Ferb plays the bugle) Ferb?! (Crowd cheering)

Doofenshmirtz: Time for some Monster Truck Away-Inating! Okay, steady now... Here we-

♪ Perry! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? But-but, but how did you get out of the Chinese platypus trap?

Man: Ancient Chinese secret. (snip snip)

Doofenshmirtz: I don't remember inviting him. (To Perry) No, wait! Perry the Platypus! No, no! Please! Don't turn that dial to the "Doofenshmirtz mobile and Evil Investors away-inator"! (Perry flips switch) I have to rethink my dials. (Car disappears)

Evil Investor: Hey, look guys! My swelling went down!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, shut up.

Alien: (Eats Doofenshmirtz and evil investors; Burps)

Doofenshmirtz: (Bubble pops) Curse you, Perry the Platypus!

(At the Rally)

Candace: I did it!

Lawrence: I'm proud of you, darling. You really made them eat mud.

Candace: (Comes out of monster truck and falls onto mud)

Monster Truck Driver: Gotta admit it girl. You're good.

Phineas: Hey, aren't you Buck Buckerson? The famous monster truck rally promoter?

Buck Buckerson: That's right, and me and my boys are headed to a rally up in Badgertown. Only the track up there ain't near as good as this one.

Phineas: You can have ours. We're through with it.

Buck Buckerson: That's mighty nice of you. (cut to the front of the house) Haul her away, boys.

Linda: (she came back the cooking class) Thanks for the ride, Charlene. (Ferb the presses button and monster truck turns into car)

Phineas: Hi, Mom.

Linda: Candace, why on earth are you all covered in mud?

Ferb: (reciting the song he sang with Phineas in the Rally) Because she's a tire-spinning, gear-grinding, clutch-burning, backfiring, paint-trading, red-lining, overheating, throttle-stomping truck drivin' girl.

Candace: And, I learned how to parallel park!

Linda: Great!

(guitar chord plays as the scene cuts to black)

[stand-alone broadcasts only]

[from earlier in the day]

(Song: Truck Drivin' Girl)

Danny Jacob: ♪ Well, then someday she'll get her license and she'll have it all ♪

♪ She can pick up her friends and take a drive at the mall ♪

♪ That little redhead's gonna rock my world, ♪

♪ She's a truck drivin' girl! She's a truck drivin' girl! ♪

Ferb: ♪ She's a tire-spinning, gear-grinding, clutch-burning, backfiring, paint-trading, red-lining, overheating, throttle-stomping ♪

Danny: ♪ Truck driving girl! Yeah! ♪

