(In the backyard, Buford, Baljeet, Phineas, and Ferb are grouped together as Lawrence uses his steam powered metal detector to search for buried metal objects.)
Phineas: What've we got so far?
Ferb: I've got a bottle cap and a brass nail.
Buford: Two bottle caps and a nail.
Baljeet: A washer, a hinge and a nail.
Phineas: I've got a nickel and a piece of brass! No, wait, it's a nail.
Lawrence: You never know what you're going to find.
Buford: I do. Another nail.
Baljeet: Or a bottle cap!
Isabella: (Walking into the backyard) Hi, Phineas! What'cha doooin'?
Phineas: We're looking for stuff with Dad's steam-powered metal detector.
Isabella: Wow! An antique that locates other antiques.(The steam-powered metal detector whistles like a tea kettle)
Lawrence: Oh, we've got another one.
Buford: Cool! Let me dig it up.
Lawrence: Oh, there's a good lad.
Buford: (As he digs) Wait, it's not a nail! It's a coin!
Lawrence: Well, let's have a look then. Oh, oh, yes. I've seen this before. It's a commemorative coin from the nineteen hundred and three Danville World's Fair. Many steam-driven devices were introduced to the world back then. It must have been quite an event...

(At the 1903 Danville World's Fair)(Song: "Professor Elemental Future Past")
Professor Elemental: ♪ Welcome to the future, all you forward-thinking socialites, ♪
♪ Delightful world and steam so bright, ♪
♪ Change your life overnight, ♪
♪ Behold this lady's hairbrush, this motor-powered cow, ♪
♪ If you don't know how this gizmo works, I'll try to show you how. ♪
♪ It's robotic kitchens, prototypes, a singing kettle, ♪
♪ You'll love this nut and turtle sheller made of living metal, ♪
♪ You'll never need to settle for yesterday's future, ♪
♪ We've borrowed from tomorrow, steam power, it's so super! ♪

♪ Welcome to a brave new world (my word!), ♪
♪ The future is amazing, time for you to climb aboard! ♪
♪ Welcome to a brand new day! (Hooray!) ♪
♪ Everything will change! Time for me to show the way! ♪

Step in closer, I've got so much to show you.

♪ A robotic rooster starts the morning, ♪
♪ And a rocket-powered cycle takes you skyward and you're soaring ♪
♪ 'Til you fall towards a lovely picnic made of future food, ♪
♪ Steam-powered sandwiches, useful speaking fruits. ♪

♪ You are living in your prime, catching lightning in a jar, ♪
♪ Robot butlers keep you tidy, no matter where you are, ♪
♪ The future runs like clockwork and you'll never need to stress, ♪
♪ You really can afford it: That's the price of steam progress! ♪

♪ Welcome to a brave new world (My word!), ♪
♪ The future is an amazing time for you to climb aboard! ♪
♪ Welcome to a brand new day! (Hooray!) ♪
♪ Everything will change! Time for me to show the way! ♪

Professor Elemental: You there, sir! Yes, you there, with the excellent hat, and that hair. You're clearly a man of taste. Step up here, would you? Take a look at this marvelous machine...

(Phineas and Ferb leave the World's Fair)
Phineas: Wow, the future's gonna be amazing. Flying machines, household electrification, steam-powered submarines...
Ferb: Personally, I'm looking forward to cheese that comes in aerosol cans.
Phineas: Still hard at work, Dad?
Lawrence: (With his steam-powered metal detector) Well, hello there, my young fellows.
Phineas: Find anything good yet?
Lawrence: Oh, just some old Civil War coins.
Voice from the Civil War Coin: The Union assault against the Sunken Road eventually pierced the Confederate center, but the Federal advantage was not followed–-
Phineas: Dad! Dad. I'm sorry, we've got uh, chores to do.
Lawrence: Oh yes, yes. Go ahead, boys. Don't let me stop you.
Voice from the Civil War Coin: As I was saying. The Unio--

Candace: (Singing) ♪ Oh, I'm a-trudgin' to get some water, down this old and dusty road. I reckon they'll be more someday, then just three sticks and–- ♪ (To Phineas and Ferb) Wait a minute, wait a minute. You should be doing your farm chores: milking the cows, mending the fences, shucking the corn, plowing the fields, and milking the cows again. You can't just stand around, you know.
Phineas: Actually, Candace, we were thinking about a way to do our chores using modern steam technology. We learned all about it at the World's Fair.
Candace: Oh, did you, now? Well, if I didn't have to haul water, sweep the barn, collect eggs, spin a quilt, and do whatever this is, I'd tell mom. (She walks off)
Phineas: I wonder if she knows those buckets have holes in them.
(Isabella and Baljeet come up)
Isabella: Hello, boys. We would like to inquire as to what you are doing at this moment.
Phineas: Well, like we were just telling Candace, we were just about to create a steam-powered machine that would help with our-- Hey, where's Sweary?
Sweary: Honk! Honk!
Buford: Found 'im! Found 'im!
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Sweary the Swan!
Sweary: Honk!
Buford: Man, that pet of yours gives me the creeps.
Phineas: Oh come on Buford. you know swans don't do much.
Buford: Don't do much? The beak bite on my butt begs to differ.

(Sweary waddles off behind the barn and puts on a derby. He opens up a zoetrope and looks at it with one eye closed)
Major Megaburns: Good morning, Agent S. This is Major Megaburns. Your arch-enemy, Professor Von Doofenshmirtz, has been spotted creating something evil in his laboratory. Go check it out.
Carl: Perhaps Sweary would want to try my steam-powered jetpack. It's very heavy and full of boiling hot water.
Megaburns: Hey, wait a minute. How come your zoetrope image is so much cooler than mine?
Carl: It's not "cooler", sir. It's just got more frames.

Barbershop Quartet: ♪ Doofenshmirtz... Doofenshmirtz... Doofenshmirtz... Doofenshmirtz... Doofenshmirtz Evil Amalgamated! ♪
Von Doofenshmirtz: (Talking loudly) Ah! Sweary the Swan! How completely unforeseen is your--Uh, hang on a second! (turns off a large machine behind him) Ah, that's better. Sweary the Swan, how completely unforeseen is your presence here! And by that, I mean, completely foreseen! (Sweary attempts to bite von Doofenshmirtz) Hey! No bites. I've got a little something for you.
(Sweary is grabbed from behind by von Doofenshmirtz's robot)
Pnorman: Well, hello there.
Von Doofenshmirtz: Allow me to introduce to you my sidekick, Pneumatic Pnorman. And both of those are spelt with a "P". You know, the... The "P's" are silent. I don't even know why they put them in there, if they're not gonna pronounce 'em. It's just a waste of a good letter, that's what it is. But, I babble. Back on topic.
Pnorman: Shall I put this cucumber in the salad, sir?
Von Doofenshmirtz: That's not a cucumber, Pnorm. I'm sorry about that, Sweary, he has problems identifying objects. Pnorm, that's a swan, and we're going to tie him to the railroad tracks.
Pnorman: How melodramatic.
(Sweary squawks at Von Doofenshmirtz)
Von Doofenshmirtz: Wow! Do you preen your feathers with that mouth? They should call you Sw-- Oh! Oh, I get it. Sweary the Swan!

Phineas: Okay, we're all set, Ferb! Start her up! (Ferb pulls a lever, and the chore-doing machine begins working)
(Song: Quirky Worky Song (Old-Time Version))
Phineas (cont'd): Shuck the corn! Milk the cows!
Isabella: Mend the fences!
Phineas: Lastly, plow and seed the field!
Candace: I feel like I've been carrying these buckets all summer. I'll never get to the fair in time to meet Jeremy. (She hears Phineas and Ferb's machine from behind)
Phineas: Hey, Candace!
Candace: Is that a steam-powered chore-doing device?! You are so going to get it! Get back here, you steam punks!
Phineas: Sorry Candace, it won't stop 'till we run out of coal!
Candace: I shall go fetch Mother! (throws down her milk buckets and runs off) Ma!

(At railroad tracks)
Von Doofenshmirtz: Sweary the Swan, did you know that the World's Fair is in town? They have all of this amazing new technology. Here, look. It's all represented here, on this commemorative coin that I-- (Sweary the Swan bites Von Doofenshmirtz's thumb) Ow! Now look what you did! You made me drop it. Pnorman, go find that coin.
Pnorman: It's probably right at your feet, sir. I can't bend over without pulling my axles out of alignment.
Von Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, whatever, think of something. Anyway, like I was saying before you bit my thumb, down at the fair they have all these neat new steam-powered gizmos that they plan to use for "progress." Normally I wouldn't mind, but they're also attaching a lot of "hope" and "optimism" to progress. And that's something I will not put up with. So I've built a big monster machine to smash their World's Fair to bits! Behold! It's an evil swan! (Von Doofenshmirtz reveals his machine) It's a-- it's a big swan. It's like you, but, you know, bigger, and... hammer-y-er. It's got more hammers than you do. (Beat passes) Plus, it runs on the new technology of steam!
Pnorman: (Returning with Vanessa in his arms) Sir, I found your coin!
Von Doofenshmirtz: That's not a coin. That's my daughter, you dolt!
Pnorman: No wonder she wouldn't fit in the gumball machine.
Von Doofenshmirtz: You hear that Sweary the Swan? That is the sound of–- (Von Doofenshmirtz is cut off by a whistle of steam coming from his evil swan) --aerosol cheese!
Pnorman: (He and Sweary exchange glances) We didn't hear what you said!
Von Doofenshmirtz: Oh, for-–! (He is drowned out by another whistle of steam)

Candace: (offscreen) Ma!
Linda: (Churning butter) Oh, these new gadgets are so complicated. Up and down, and up and down, and up–-
Candace: (runs up to her) Ma! Ma, Ma! The boys! Machine to do their chores! Not fair!
Linda: (sarcastically) Oh my. That sounds exciting. I'll come have a look, as soon as I'm done doing whatever this is.

(At the World's Fair)
Farmer's Wife: I don't believe it. A fuzzy doll in the shape of a bear? It's the end of decency.
Farmer: You never believed in me or anthropomorphism.
(The house of the future behind them explodes, as Von Doofenshmirtz's swan smashes through it)
Fairgoer 1: (Running away) Everybody run! It's a big, hammer-y swan!
Von Doofenshmirtz: Ha! Soon you will all see the power of my–-! (He is drowned out by a whistle of steam)
Fairgoer 2: We can't hear you!
(At the train tracks, Sweary cuts through the ropes tying him down using a gadget in his hat, and grabs onto the train that was about to run him over)
(Von Doofenshmirtz's swam tears apart the Lumiere Brothers Real Motion Pictures tent)
Auguste Lumière: (French accent) Look! A huge, rampaging, steam-powered, hammer-y swan! If only there was a way we could record this event!
Louis Lumière: (French accent) Auguste! You have just invented the moving picture documentary! Quickly, mood music!

(Ragtime music starts playing as Louis begins filming the events in a silent motion picture style)
(Von Doofenshmirtz scares some fairgoers. An intertitle reads "Now you will all feel the wrath of my...")
(He is cut off by another steam whistle, and passerby motion that they can't hear him. An intertitle reads "Can you hear what he's saying...?" then another reads, "No. No I can't.")
(Sweary swoops down onto Professor Von Doofenshmirtz, and pulls off his mustache. An intertitle reads, "HONK!" then another soon after reads, "You eat corn with that mouth?")

Farmer: This sure is a lot of shucked corn and fresh milk.
Phineas: All in an afternoon's work.
Farmer: Aren't you a bit young to be industrial revolutionaries?
Phineas: Yes. Yes, we are.
Farmer: As a simple farmer from a bygone age, that's good enough for me. Alright, Spartacus. Let's get these goods to market, and then it's back to the bookcase for ye'. (Spartacus the horse whinnies, and the two of them leave)
Phineas: All our chores are done, and it's still light out! What else do you guys wanna do today?
Baljeet: We could drink lemonade and sit on the porch.
Buford: We could go to Panama and start diggin'.
Isabella: We could formally begin courting.
Phineas: What?
Isabella: Nothing!
(Sweary the Swan comes into frame and drives off with the chore-doing machine)
Candace: (Showing Linda) They built a giant machine that does their chores! It shucks the corn, and it shoots seeds out of a Gatling gu-uh...? (She sees that machine is no longer there) But, but, but...
Linda: Candace, it's 1903. We do not use that word!

Von Doofenshmirtz: (To the Lumière brothers) No, no, no, you're not getting my best side. But here, let me show you my worst side! (Von Doofenshmirtz's swan eats the camera and Louis with it) What? Sweary the Swan?! (Sweary the Swan shows up, driving Phineas and Ferb's chore-doing machine directly at Von Doofenshmirtz) Ah, you want to play swan chicken, huh? (Sweary rams into von Doofenshmirtz, then backs up for another go) Oh, no—get back here! (Sweary uses the chore-doing machine to fire corn into von Doofenshmirtz's robot's mouth) Oh, no, he's using the old foie gras maneuver!
(Von Doofenshmirtz's swan lifts off) Curse you, Sweary the Swan! (It explodes midair)

(Present day)Lawrence: And that's the way it was at the Danville World's Fair.
Phineas: A giant, steam-powered, hammering swan? Come on, Dad, that sounds a little far-fetched for the time period, doesn't it?
Lawrence: Oh, yes. Yes, it does.
(Professor Von Doofenshmirtz falls from the sky, screaming)
Von Doofenshmirtz: Man, how long was I up there?

(Song: "Professor Elemental Future Past)"
♪ Welcome to the future, all you forward-thinking socialites, ♪
♪ Delightful world of steam so bright, ♪
♪ Change your life overnight, ♪
♪ Behold this lady's hairbrush, this motor-powered cow, ♪
♪ If you don't know how this gizmo works, I'll try to show you how. ♪
♪ It's robotic kitchens, prototypes, a singing kettle, ♪
♪ You'll love this nut and turtle sheller made of living metal, ♪
♪ You'll never need to settle for yesterday's future, ♪
♪ We've borrowed from tomorrow, steam power, it's so super! ♪

♪ Welcome to a brave new world (My word!), ♪
♪ The future is amazing, time for you to climb aboard! ♪
♪ Welcome to a brand new day! (Hooray!) ♪
♪ Everything will change! Time for me to show the way! ♪



