(Open at the Fireside Girl Lodge exterior, zooming in, then cut to inside. Isabella stands at the podium with the Fireside Girls handbook; Gretchen, Adyson, Holly, Ginger, Katie, and Milly sit on logs in a circle; and Melissa and the blond Fireside Girl, along with another, stand. Two cloths cover two tall items on a table.)

Isabella: Hi, Fireside Girls.

(Cut to behind the girls.)

Isabella: (cont'd) Let's welcome another day for us to be chipper, cooperative, and cheer in unison!

(The girls applaud and cheer.)

Isabella: As you all know, the annual Fireside Cupcake Jamboree is coming up, and we have a big decision to make—

(The blond and other girl pull off the cloths on the table, revealing two cupcake stands: one with vanilla cupcakes, and the other with red velvet.)

Isabella: (cont'd, offscreen) Picking the cupcake flavor to bring.

(Cut back to Isabella.)

Isabella: (cont'd) Ms. Feyerseid will be here soon to guide the proceedings—

(A red rotary telephone in front of a portrait of Ms. Feyerseid rings. Isabella raises its glass cover and picks it up.)

Isabella: Oh, hi, Ms. Feyerseid. (frowning) You won't make it in today...

(Cut to the girls glancing at each other, accompanied by an ominous sting.)

Isabella: (cont'd, offscreen) I guess I can run the meeting.

(Cut back to Isabella.)

Isabella: I'll just follow the Fireside Handbook. Feel better! Bye!

(She puts the phone down and lowers the cover. She walks back to the podium.)

Isabella: So I guess we'll go ahead and start! (flipping through the handbook) Our trusty Fireside Handbook has some guidelines to follow, starting with the compliment session.

(The girls get up off the logs.)

Ginger: (to Holly) You are worthy of every patch you've earned.

Adyson: (to Katie) You always inspire me to get one percent better.

Gretchen: (to Isabella) You have natural charm and leadership ability.

(Cut to inside Perry's lair, where Perry plays table tennis against a wall. Major Monogram suddenly comes on the screen, causing Perry to miss a ball. He looks disappointed.)

Major Monogram: Sorry to, uh, ping your pong, Agent P, but we've received word that Doofenshmirtz has made an appointment to renew his evil business license.

(The "Tri-State Area Evil Business License" flashes on the screen, with the name "Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz".)

Major Monogram: (cont'd) And the only thing worse than regular evil is unlicensed evil. So make sure he does the proper paperwork.

(Perry picks up his jetpack, while Carl walks onto the screen.)

Carl: That reminds me, sir. O.W.C.A.'s business license expired last month!

Major Monogram: There's nothing wrong with unlicensed good, Carl. (turning to Perry) Oh, uh, since you're in the area, Carl would appreciate it if you renewed our license too.

(Perry salutes and flies off, leaving his table tennis paddle to spin in the air.)


(Cut back to the Fireside Girls Lodge. Isabella sniffs the cupcakes.)

Isabella: I think it's cupcake time!

Gretchen: Cupcakes are life!

Adyson: Yay!

Ginger: Cupcake time!

(Isabella turns through the handbook.)

Isabella: So it says here we should vote on our preferred cupcake flavor. That should be super easy.

Adyson: Vanilla!

Holly: Vanilla!

Ginger: Vanilla!

Gretchen: (dramatically) Red velvet.

(The girls stare at her.)

Gretchen: What? I like red velvet.

Katie: I like red velvet!

(The girls argue "Vanilla!" and "Red velvet!")

Adyson: So what do we do now, Isabella?

Isabella: Oh! Um, well, eh... It says here, "In the incredibly unlikely event of a tie vote, just vote again." Hmm. All in favor of vanilla, raise your hand.

(Four girls raise vanilla cupcakes.)

Isabella: All in favor of red velvet?

(Four more girls raise red velvet cupcakes.)

Isabella: Hmm. I don't remember a single time we didn't unanimously pick the same thing, then rejoice in a harmonized shriek.

Gretchen: Hmm. A split decision. (eyebrow raising) Now what?

Isabella: This is a situation the Fireside Girls have never had to deal with.

(She rapidly flips through the handbook.)


(Cut to inside Doofenshmirtz's penthouse, where he looks through documents. He grabs some, and Perry flies in.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! Walk and talk, my nimble friend, walk and talk.

(Doofenshmirtz goes to pour himself some coffee.)

Doofenshmirtz: I have to renew my evil business license at Danville's Embassy for Evil today. You can come along in case I need someone to vouch for my evilness, which I think—I think you can do.

(He walks over to his inator, pointed away from the building. He shoos off a pigeon perching on it.)

Doofenshmirtz: Shoo, shoo! Go find your own inator to put your gross pigeon feet on! (walking away) Have you seen pigeon feet? Well, don't start now, trust me. You can't unsee them. (sing-songy) Disgusting.

(Perry comes to a pool with a shark fin sticking out.)

Doofenshmirtz: That's the trap I was gonna use on you, but my evil license expired as we previously established, and I don't wanna pay all those fines.

(The shark comes out, and a flamethrower mounted to it spews fire.)

(Cut back into the Fireside Girl Lodge. The girls are eating cupcakes, while Isabella picks up discarded cups. Adyson drops one in front of Isabella.)

Isabella: (clears throat) Adyson, you were the first to earn a Cupcake Delivery patch. How about you deliver your trash to the trash can?

Adyson: (under breath) Or maybe you should get a Shut Your Cakehole patch.

Isabella: Excuse me?

Adyson: Nothing.

(Isabella drops the cups in the trash.)

Isabella: Maybe we should try giving the cupcake flavor another vote.

Gretchen: What if we did donuts?

Girls: Hooray! / Donuts! / I love dunkable snacks!

Isabella: Okay, ladies. I think we should stick to cupcakes. Let's just pick one. Red velvet or vanilla?

Adyson: How about neither? Let's pick a new flavor.

Girls: Why not donuts? / I'll never back down from the donuts! / Yeah, why not donuts? / I like new things! / I have no agency!

Isabella: (firm) Girls, stop!

(They all stop and look at her.)

Isabella: I'm sorry. (chuckles nervously) Let's just, um... (picks up the handbook) Okay. Here's an idea from the "One of those days" section. Let's all hold hands and sing a jovial song.

(The girls clasp hands.)

Isabella: (cont'd) In D major. And a-one, two, a-three—

(They sing discordantly.)

Isabella: Wait, what's happening? We've never gone off pitch! (consults the handbook) Is there a full moon tonight? Is Mercury in retrograde?

(Cut to Evil Business Assocation Licensing next to the Tri-State Embassy as Doofenshmirtz and Perry walk in.)

Doofenshmirtz: This should take just a minute, Perry the Platypus.

(They cut in front of Dr. Diminutive.)

Doofenshmirtz: Diminutive. I'd say it's nice to see you, but I'm an evil scientist, not a liar.

Diminutive: Doofenshmirtz.

Doofenshmirtz: Yes, yes. Enough of this awkward banter. I'm cutting in line.

(Perry apologetically shrugs toward Diminutive.)

(Cut to the lodge. Everyone is arguing, and the floor is covered in cupcakes. Isabella looks on, concerned. Gretchen walks up to her.)

Gretchen: Isabella, why don't you let me take over the meeting? It seems like it's too much for you.

Isabella: It's not too much for me, Gretchen. It's a cupcake vote. Just pick a flavor.

Gretchen: (pointing accusatorily) You want to put us in all these little boxes, like your stupid little vanilla cupcakes. But we just want to do whatever we want! You're not the boss of us!

Girl: Not the boss!

Holly: Not the boss.

Katie: Whatever we want!

Milly: General anger!

Isabella: Just vote for a flavor! Who wants vanilla?

Gretchen: (sarcastic) Vanilla, huh? Do you have a patch for being basic?

(The girls all "ooh".)

Isabella: (angry) Well, I do have the most patches. So yes, I probably do have that basic patch! (she looks around) Um, what I mean to say is... (sighs) Let's focus, girls.

Gretchen: The girls need someone to make a choice! To lead them!

Isabella: (pulling Gretchen aside) Gretchen, what's going on? We're always on the same page!

Gretchen: (angry) I think it's time I have my own page.
 (slaps Isabella's hand aside) A new page.

(Gretchen slams down on a cupcake. The frosting splashes onto Isabella's face. The girls loudly argue as Isabella watches in horror.)

Girls: No! / I'm disagreeing with you!


(Cut back to the licensing building. Doofenshmirtz and Perry walk up to a "Quick n' Evil self-registration" kiosk, and Doofenshmirtz presses the "Start" button. It asks "Please confirm your evil identification" onscreen and shows buttons with Diminutive, Doofenshmirtz, and two others.)

Doofenshmirtz: (selecting himself) Oh, hello, handsome.

(The screen shows "Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz / Also known as Dr. Doofenshmirtz, Doof, Dr. D., Slouchy, Heinz the Ocelot, and "Hey You!". / Age: 47 / Occupation: Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated / Missing info: Backstory?")

Kiosk: Do you have a viable backstory?

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, plenty! Plenty! (cross fade to the Doofenshmirtz family home) Back in Drusselstein, in the days of—

(The scene cuts back.)

Kiosk: Please do not monologue into the interface.

Doofenshmirtz: (offended) Perhaps you shouldn't have asked.

(The screen asks "Please select your nemesis" and shows Newton the Gnu, Agent W the Whale, Perry, and a can of beans.)

Kiosk: Please select your nemesis.

Doofenshmirtz: (scratching head) Uh, he's more of a—a frenemy, but our—our boundaries are fluid.

(Perry rolls his eyes. Doofenshmirtz selects Perry and shrugs at him. A man in a mask walks on.)

Examiner: You are ready to begin your assessment. Right this way, please.

(They walk off.)

(Cut to the Fireside Girls Lodge. Gretchen is standing on the table and holding up a cupcake with a hole drilled through it, while Holly holds a screwdriver.)

Gretchen: See? Cupcakes can be donuts too! We don't have to conform to society's norms anymore!

Melissa: Non-conformity!

Ginger: Cupcakes with holes!

Adyson: I taste power!

Isabella: Only whoever holds the handbook should speak!

(The girls throw cupcakes at her, which she blocks with the handbook.)

Holly: Your taste is suspect, Isabella! Who even thinks triangles are cute?

Isabella: (enraged) He's more than a triangle!

(She picks a cupcake off the handbook and throws it at Holly.)

Isabella: (to herself) That's not like me.

(Gretchen draws a line with cupcake frosting.)

Gretchen: The choice is easy! Red velvet or donuts! (throws a cupcake at Isabella's feet) Pick a side!

Adyson: Chocolate!

Katie: Cronuts!

Milly: Cheese plate!

Isabella: Remember, girls! Cooperate! Appreciate! (ducks under a thrown log, exclaims)

Holly: (screaming) Flan!

(Cut to outside the lodge. Phineas and Ferb walk up to the door.)

Phineas: 1:00 p.m.: Taste test the girls' cupcakes!

(Cut to inside. Phineas opens the door. Many spears fly and stick to the wall right around them. They stare at the chaos—Ginger and Katie swing on a tire, Milly runs away from a thrown cupcake, and Melissa is tied to a rotisserie "roasting" over a cardboard fire. In another shot, Ginger is drilling into more cupcakes as the frosting flies in her face.)

Ginger: I love it! I love the taste! (sticks tongue out)

(Adyson is climbing on the ceiling and shrieking with frosting covering her face.)

(Cut to outside. Isabella pushes Phineas and Ferb out of the lodge.)

Isabella: (panicked) You can't see us like this!

(She runs back inside and shuts the door. Phineas and Ferb look at each other.)

Ferb: I guess girls do mature faster than boys.

(Cut back to the test. The examiner leads Doof and Perry to a model of the Tri-State Area.)

Examiner: Your next assignment is scheming.  Take over this model of the Tri-State Area. Your time starts... (starts stopwatch on his phone) ...now.

Doofenshmirtz: Doof likey! Well, first, I would place a robot army right here. Wait-wait, that's a one-way street, so they would actually, I guess, be over here. Wait—this is no longer a vacuum store. They actually sell tires. (gets out a red marker and writes on the building) T-I-R-E-S. Tires. They sell tires there. Wait, and who made this model? Th-This can't be a restaurant! They're not zoned for food.

Examiner: And time's up.

Doofenshmirtz: Eh, that tracks, I suppose.

Examiner: Okay, we're just gonna montage through the next few tests.

(Montage: Doof attempts to break into a bank, but ends up knocking down the set pieces. He then attempts to replace a golden platypus idol with a sandbag of the same weight. He avoids the inevitable rolling ball, and does a victory dance, but the set piece falls on him again, followed by the ball. He is then instructed to destroy the targets using a tank. But the blast is so great, it ends up running over a car. Doof is excited, until the examiner pushes a button, revealing that was his car they ran over.)

(Song: Watch It Burn)

Fireside Girls: ♪ Pick a side, or bring the fire ♪

Isabella: Cooperate, you animals!

Fireside Girls: ♪ Pick a side, or bring the fire... ♪

♪ Pick a side or bring the fire... ♪

♪ Bring the fire, and watch it… burn~! ♪

♪ Watch it all burn~! ♪

♪ Watch your back, I’m ready to rumble! ♪

♪ We’re gonna see which way the cupcake crumbles, ♪

♪ We bake 'em from scratch, you’ve met your match, ♪

♪ I’m gonna earn my anarchy patch! ♪

♪ Watch it burn~! Watch it all burn~! ♪

♪ You want vanilla, but I’m seeing red, (VELVET!) ♪

♪ I think you have something wrong with your head! ♪

♪ I’m not sweet I’m sour, I’m hungry for power, ♪

♪ And this escalated in less than an hour! ♪

♪ Watch it burn~! Watch it all burn~! ♪

♪ Watch it burn~! Watch it all burn~! ♪

(Cut back to Doof's test.)

Doofenshmirtz: Any more tests?

Examiner: No, you completed all the tests. But our system is down so you'll have to come back tomorrow.

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, tomorrow?!

Examiner: Or you can do it online. (turns to leave)

Doofenshmirtz: Online? That, that was an option the whole time?! Well, ain't that a kick in the— (the rolling ball rolls him over to avoid him from completing the sentence) Ow!

(Cut back to the lodge. Isabella and Milly are hiding behind a table.)

Isabella: Milly, we really need to add a section for this in the handbook!

Milly: This is seriously out of control! But I feel so safe with you, Isabella. Like nothing bad will ever happen— (screams as she is pulled into the chaos)


(Cut to Doof and Perry walking down the road.)

Doofenshmirtz: Man, that was difficult. It used to be so easy, just like filling out a piece of paper and dropping it off. All right, Perry the Platypus, you can do your thing now. I've got the rest of the afternoon off. Apparently.

(Perry drops his paperwork into a licensing self-serve kiosk.)

Kiosk: Congratulations! You have renewed your good business license!

(Fireworks shoot off from the kiosk.)

Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, I'm just gonna take the high road and use this as a backstory for some—

Kiosk: Please do not monologue into the interface.

(Cut back to the lodge.)

Isabella: I can't lie, girls. I'm tempted to join you all in the chaos. Maybe there's a patch at the end of this very dark tunnel, but for the first time, I don't know...

Melissa: (carrying an Isabella effigy) Down with Isa-smella!

Adyson: (popping out of a vandalized portrait of Isabella) Down with Isa-smella!

(Gretchen puts a spear into the flames, screams and hurls it toward the handbook.)

Isabella: Son of a patch! (the handbook is shot to the wall, and this infuriates Isabella) That's it!

(Isabella becomes enraged, picks up a cupcake spear and hurtles toward Gretchen.)

(Cut back to D.E.I.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait wait, why is this turned on? Shoo! Shoo, bird, shoo! (The pigeon flies away.) Huh. I hope my Uncooperate-inator didn't cause any problems in that little building over there.

(Zoom in on the lodge. To the not very appropriate strains of "My Cruisin' Sweet Ride (Opening Version)", the girls keep fighting in slow motion.)

(Cut back to D.E.I. Doofenshmirtz turns off the inator.)

(Cut back to the lodge. The red filter on it turns off and the Fireside Girls stop what they are doing and look very confused. Isabella and Gretchen stop their fight.)

Isabella: ...That was...weird. What happened?

Gretchen: I have no idea.

(The two unnamed Fireside Girls put out the flames with fire extinguishers.)

Isabella: So, how about red velvet... with vanilla frosting?

Fireside Girls: Yay!

(Cut to later. The girls tape the handbook back together.)

Isabella: See? Everything works out when you cooperate.

(Pan up to the roof. Melissa is still under the inator's effects, pants crazily and screams while holding up her spear.)

♪ You want vanilla, but I’m seeing red, (VELVET!) ♪

♪ I think you have something wrong with your head! ♪

♪ I’m not sweet I’m sour, I’m hungry for power, ♪

♪ And this escalated in less than an hour! ♪

♪ WATCH IT BUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRNN! ♪

♪ WATCH IT ALL BUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRNNNN! ♪

♪ WATCH IT BUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRNNN! ♪

♪ WATCH IT ALL BUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRNNNN!!! ♪




