(Song: If Summer Only Lasted One Day (instrumental))
(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to Candace in her bedroom talking on the phone and carrying a tray with a pitcher of lemonade and an empty glass.)
Candace: You know what people take for granted? The sounds of the summer: the way ice crackles in a cold beverage, the bees buzzing on their busy way, the chirping of the summer birds...
(As Candace lies on her bed, she hears Buford imitating a bird call.)
Candace: Okay, maybe they're acting up today. Ugh, I should've known better. I'll have to call you back, Stacy. A little Buford's telling me the boys are up to something.

(Cut to the backyard. the gang are wearing pith helmets and holding binoculars. Buford is still squawking.)
Baljeet: I do not think that is what they sound like.
Candace: All right, what's with the weird noises?
Phineas: Hey, Candace! We're hoping to see the mockmacaws as they pass through Danville.
Candace: Mockma who now?
Isabella: (showing Candace a book) Yeah! Mockmacaws! Rare migratory birds that can camouflage themselves with their color-changing plumage.
Buford: They can also copy sounds and voices and stuff.
Baljeet: (showing a diagram) Genetically speaking, they fall somewhere between parrots and chameleons.
Candace: Whatever. Bird calls is a new low for you guys, right below the bookshelf. (leaves) Call me when you have something actually bustable.
Phineas: Maybe we should have told her about macaw mansion.
(Pan up to the tree to reveal a very elaborately built giant birdhouse.)
Buford: Funny, I noticed none of the ladies in your family like to look up.
Isabella: Ooh! Maybe we should build a Perry Palace next! Hey, where is Perry?

(Cut to the dining room. Perry approaches the table and sees the fruit bowl vibrating. He puts on his hat, grabs a banana, peels it and eats it, then grabs an apple. Monogram communicates to him through the apple.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, Doofenshmirtz has bought up all of the bug spray in the Tri-State Area. It could be that he's just hosting a little summer soiree. That would mean a bunch of evil scientists in one place. Conclusion: he must be up to something nefarious. You know what to do, Agent P.
(Perry nods and salutes before putting the apple back in the fruit bowl. He then lifts the pineapple, takes it outside and pulls on it to whir it like a helicopter.)
♪ Agent P! ♪
Major Monogram: (looking at a notepad) Hey, Carl, how many people have RSVP'd to my barbecue?
Carl: (holding cooking utensils and wearing a "Kiss the Carl" apron) One.
Major Monogram: Is that including you?
Carl: Yes.
Major Monogram: So... none.
Carl: Don't judge yourself for this. This is not a measure of you as a man.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. Perry opens the door and flips in and sees something strange, Doof hiding from a giant green creature raiding his refrigerator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Psst! Down here!
(The creature closes the fridge door to reveal it looks like a giant praying mantis with sausage links in its mouth. Perry is understandably freaked out.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, I'm so glad you're here. L-L-Lemme catch you up via monologue. I've recently gotten into home gardening, y'know, fruits and veggies, and the... Anyway, the garden was doing well, and it even attracted a colony of praying mantises. All female. Go figure. Vanessa got me this books of facts about them. (takes out the book) See? They naturally prey on garden pests. Mantis fact! (snaps fingers)
(The mantis with sausages in its mouth looks around, then walks away.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now's our chance.
(Doof and Perry crawl away while staying out of sight from the mantises.)
Doofenshmirtz: Anyway, I had a lot of pests, so I decided to make the mantises bigger using my ultra-grow-inator. I would behold it, but I left it on the balcony. (Doof pushes a lever making him and Perry fall into a vent, as they sneak in.) The inator has a reverse switch, but there's an entire army of giant mantises in the way. (Doof pulls another lever and they emerge on one of the couches in the living room.) So you've got to help me get out there, Perry the Platypus! It's the only way to defeat them.

(Cut to the macaw mansion. The gang walk inside.)
Isabella: Phineas?
Phineas: Up here! (slides down a creeping vine)
Buford: Is all this worth it just to spot some dumb birds?
Phineas: Yes! Yes, it is!
Ferb: (showing a book) The only known photo is this blurry one where they camouflaged themselves as a Sasquatch.
Isabella: Then we'll get the first photo of one uncamouflaged! (She gives the gang Polaroid cameras.) Everyone got their cameras ready?
(Buford points the flash in Baljeet's direction.)
Phineas: Ferb, turn on the vacancy sign! We're open for business!
(Song: Our Big Bird Mansion)
Isabella: ♪ Fricka-fricka-fresh! ♪

All: ♪ Welcome to our bird mansion! ♪
Phineas: ♪ Just fly on in, ♪
♪ Rest your wings, relax, ♪
♪ Tell us how you been. ♪

♪ It's four stories high with a bird elevator, ♪ 
♪ The penthouse has its very own movie the-a-tre!
Baljeet: ♪ You want refreshments? Just ring the waiter. ♪
Buford: ♪ I didn't sign up for this. ♪ 
Isabella: ♪ Man, don't be a hater. ♪

Phineas: ♪ If you've got wings, a beak, and feathers, ♪ 
♪ There's no better place for you to get together. ♪
Buford: ♪ Here's a satin perch so you can rest your talons. ♪
Baljeet, Buford, and Isabella: ♪ We got gourmet bird seed by the gallons. ♪
Phineas: ♪ If you're a goose, a chicken, a penguin, or a duck, ♪
♪ Just come on in, ♪
All: ♪ Cuz we don't discriminate! ♪

♪ Welcome to our bird mansion! ♪
Baljeet: ♪  here the beat goes boom! ♪
Isabella: ♪ Make yourself at home, ♪
♪ We've got plenty of room! ♪

Ferb: ♪ Antique mirrors. ♪
Baljeet: ♪ Wall-to-wall newspaper. ♪
Buford: ♪ Check out this topiary. ♪
All: ♪ Got a great landscaper! ♪
Isabella: ♪ If you're a parakeet, a seagull, a cockatoo, or parrot... ♪
Baljeet: ♪ There's a gold bird bath... ♪
Isabella: ♪ We're talkin' 24 karat! ♪
All: ♪ We got blueprints... ♪
Phineas: ♪ For a planned expansion... ♪
Buford: ♪ But it's already superfly! ♪
All: ♪ It's our big bird mansion! ♪
(The parrots arrive at the mansion but constantly shapeshift into various inanimate objects.)
Isabella: Well, the mockmacaws are here, but they keep camouflaging every time I try to take their picture.
Buford: I thought there was more furniture here than I remembered.

(Cut to Candace's window.)
Candace: Seriously? Birdwatching is so lame. (scoffs) I had such a good feeling about busting today, too.
(A bird's squawk gets her attention when she looks at the tree and sees...)
Candace: A giant birdhouse?! How could I have missed it?! MOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!
Linda: (offscreen) Yes, Candace, what is it?
Candace: Follow me outside, and be prepared to look up!

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: We should study up, Perry the Platypus. It's like they say, "Know thy enemy." I don't know who says that. (looks through book) Bu-but look, mantises have long necks, triangular heads, and bulging eyes. Ooh, kinda like me! (snaps fingers) Mantis fact! Did you know that mantises are the only insects who can see in 3D? (snaps fingers) Mantis fact! Look, my inator! (picks it off the floor) Ugh, the battery's dead. Ooh, Perry the Platypus, you've got to try my homegrown rhubarb. Here, I'll break you off a piece.
(He snaps a rhubarb leaf, but Perry makes him duck down so they can continue hiding from the mantises.)
Doofenshmirtz: Did you know that they're the only insect that can turn their head 180º? (snaps fingers) Mantis fact!
(The mantises finally look behind them and catch Doof and Perry out of hiding.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, just like that, see?
Perry: (slaps himself and chatters)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, I can't stop snapping so loudly when I say, "Mantis fact." (snaps fingers)
(The mantises all march toward Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: (screams) Huh?
(One of the mantises shows a ring box to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, uh... oh! (takes the ring) Well, this is so sudden, but... but yes! A thousand times yes! And now that I've married into the family, I can use this mantis army to take over the entire Tri-State Area! Ladies, trap Perry the Platypus!
(Two of the mantises grab hold of Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha! See that? That's called "karma"! You do a little good and the universe pays you back with a whole lotta evil! Right, honey?
(One of the mantises nods.)

(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to Linda painting an antique carousel horse.)
Linda: A bird mansion? Well, that's certainly something new.
Candace: Just stop painting that vintage carousel horse and come see!

(Cut back to Doof looking at his new bling. The mantises, now holding a caged Perry, walk him to the kitchen as the other mantises are cooking something special.)
Doofenshmirtz: How thoughtful! They're even going to feed me before we take over the Tri-State Area!
(Perry grabs Doof's mantis facts book and reads it. One of the mantises lifts the cloche up to reveal an empty platter.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, but you're supposed to bring the food out on the platter. It's... It's okay, we'll work on that part.
(Perry whacks Doof with the book.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, what was that for?
(Perry opens the book to a page.)
Doofenshmirtz: Um, wait. Mantises eat their husbands?! (snaps fingers sadly) Mantis fact!
(One of the mantises pushes Doof's head onto the platter.)
Doofenshmirtz: One of my recurring nightmares is being cooked and served as dinner, so this is... weirdly familiar to me.
(Perry grabs the platter from under Doof and throws it at the mantises, hitting them and freeing him from his cage. Perry then throws the cloche and it hits another mantis. Perry grabs Doof away and the mantises chase after them.)

(Cut to the backyard. Phineas and the gang climb down the ladder from the bird mansion.)
Isabella: They're so good at camouflage, they must've slipped right past us.
Phineas: (pointing up the tree) Wait, look! Up in the tree!
Isabella: (gasps)
(As Isabella is about to take a photo, the macaws morph themselves into leaves on the tree.)
Isabella: I can't get a clear shot.
(Pan right to reveal Buford swinging from one of the tree's branches.)
Baljeet: Buford!
Buford: What? (comes down) I thought I'd shake things up.
Baljeet: Oh, yes. (imitating Buford) "Shake things up."
(Two mockmacaws come down and take the form of Buford.)
Buford: Well, that's weird.
Mockmacaws: (imitating Buford) "Shake things up."
(Cut to the house. Candace walks out.)
Candace: Mom, look, it's the bird mansion! It's right there!
("Linda" blinks at Candace.)
Candace: Mom, you're looking right at it! Wait, you can see it?
"Linda": Yes, Candace.
Candace: You mean, for once, you actually are seeing what the boys built? My busting dream has finally come true? Today be-eth the day?
"Linda": Yes, Candace. Bawk!
(Pull out to reveal the fake Linda now being all feathery. It transforms back into two mockmacaws.)
Candace: Oh, no! It's one of those stupid birds! (runs back into the house) It's two of those stupid birds!

(Cut back to Doof's building. Doof and Perry are running from the mantises, who break through the windows of the building and chase after them.)
Doofenshmirtz: Mantis facts are a lot less fun when your life is on the line, huh?
(Perry grabs Doof. The mantises look all over for them. Pan down to reveal them hiding behind the dumpster.)
Doofenshmirtz: If only I had a battery, but there's so many mantises between me and the bottom drawer in my kitchen.
(Perry reaches under his hat and takes out a battery, and puts it in Doof's inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Excellent! Thank you, Perry the Platypus!
(Doof fires the inator, but the mantises dodge the beams. Once again, the blasts go into space and pinball onto a couple of space satellites.)
Astronaut: Houston, it's happening again!
(Cut back to on Earth. Doof fires another blast and the mantises once again dodge it.)
Doofenshmirtz: I don't have very good aim.
(Perry grabs the inator and fires it. It hits the mantises shrinking them back to normal size.)
Doofenshmirtz: Phew!
(Perry gives the inator back to Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Take my advice, Perry the Platypus, stay single as long as you can.

(Cut back to the backyard, where all the mockmacaws are still in the tree.)
Isabella: If only we could get them down here somehow.
Baljeet: "I'm Buford. Let's try solving our problems with brute strength."
Buford: "Oh, I'm Baljeet, and I am bein' real judgy today."
(One of the mockmacaws transforms into Baljeet.)
Mockmacaw: (imitating Baljeet) Real judgy. (caws)
Phineas: They're mockmacaws! They love it when we mock each other. Oh, oh, we could use that!
Isabella: "I'm Buford and I like to eat bugs!"
Buford: Mmmm, you know it.
Phineas: Check out my Ferb! (stands still)
Isabella: That sounds just like Ferb!
(Ferb thumbs up.)
Buford: "And I'm Phineas, and my head doesn't make any biological sense!"
Phineas: Ha ha! It's like listening to a mirror!
(Some mockmacaws approach them.)
Phineas: Ooh, hold still, Isabella. I think I can get you in the shot, too!

(Cut to the pinballing inator beam, which shoots back down to Earth.)
Doofenshmirtz: Not so threatening now that you're back to your normal size, are you?
(The beam hits Doof, shrinking him, again.)
Doofenshmirtz: Heh, heh, uh, good thing I appreciate irony?

(Cut to the living room. Candace approaches the real Mom, who is on the couch reading a book.)
Candace: No feathers this time, right? (grabs her) Come on!
Linda: What does that even mean?

(Cut back to the tiny Doof trying to get back to the inator as the mantises once more approach him.)
Doofenshmirtz: C'mon, c'mon! "Big" me again! "Big" me!

(Cut back to the backyard. Candace opens the sliding door.)
Candace: (pointing up) Mom! Look!
(Some mockmacaws fly away, but Phineas finally snaps a photo of one next to Isabella.)

(Cut back to Doof trying to turn the inator on, but one of the mantises gets its forearm stuck in the switch. Doof gets in the line of fire, but shrinks to an even tinier size.)
Doofenshmirtz: (groans) Oh, I forgot to hit the reverse switch, so it just made me even smaller. (to the mantises) Wait, hold on. Shouldn't we at least try couples counseling first?

(Cut back to space. Another pinballing beam shoots down to Earth, hitting a metal apple before finally landing on the bird mansion, causing it to shrink. A pigeon perches itself onto it.)
Linda: Well, I wouldn't call it giant. Great job, boys! This deserves pie!
Candace: But but but but...
Baljeet: I think our feathered friends have finally departed.
Buford: So, didja get the photo?
(The photo develops to reveal the bird resembled Phineas.)
Phineas: Oh, no! It must've camouflaged itself as me right before the flash went off! Sorry, Isabella, I really thought I had it.
Isabella: It's okay, Phineas. (hugs him) I still appreciate all the help. (quietly) And something tells me I'm gonna treasure this photo even more.

(Crossfade to the dining room. The gang are enjoying some pie.)
Candace: (to her mom) You've gotta believe me! There were these color-changing, voice-copying birds hiding the boys' invention the whole time!
Linda: I believe. RAWK!
Candace: Wait a second...
(Pan to the gang to reveal they are also mockmacaws who squawk. Even Perry is one.)
Candace: Not you too, Perry! You can't all be birds! (starts growing feathers) What's happening?!? What is even real?! (looks at her hand) No! (looks at herself) Nooooooo! Caaaaawwwww, caw caw caw!!! (squawks repeatedly)
The End???

(Doof is lying on the floor of his old bedroom.)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) I am so tired. The jet lag is really hitting me now, I just... (sighs) (beat) I should probably get up. This floor is just so comfortable. Is... Is this pine? (beat) Two more minutes, that's all.

