(Scene opens on Doofenshmirtz doing a livestream. Some comments for the live chat scroll on the right.)

Doofenshmirtz: We're back, my loyal "Shmirtzies", all... ten of you. And, as I was saying, O.W.C.A. would be nothing without me. My evil helps them exist. (A bell dings.) Wai... Wait. What's this? BeefyMustache55 is calling me a hack? All right, you're going live! Oh, I shoulda known it was you, Francis.

Major Monogram: Doofenshmirtz, you would be nothing without O.W.C.A. foiling your evil, ridiculous ploys.

Doofenshmirtz: My sweet misguided Francis, your jobs wouldn't exist without us! (reading the comments) Let's see, "fight it out"... What... What's a "simp"? "Settle it over a soccer match"? That's so random. Hmmm. Whadaya say, BeefyMustache55?

Major Monogram: A bunch of expertly trained athletic field agents versus some haphazard scientists? (chuckles) I am in.

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, if L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. wins, you have to shave your mustache!

Major Monogram: (gasps) How dare you! When we win, you have to shave your head!

Doofenshmirtz: Well, well, when we win, you have to shave Carl!

Carl: Please keep me out of this!

Major Monogram: Oh, too late, Carl. A deal's a deal.

(The stream ends.)



(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher backyard. Baljeet joins the rest of the gang.)

Phineas: All right, gang, it's time for us to play "Can You Hit That Thing with a Stick?"!

(Phineas and Ferb hurl sticks at a rock by the fence, they hit the rock.)

Phineas: The thing in this case being that rock.

Baljeet: What, may I ask, is this?

Isabella: Can You Hit That Thing with a Stick! Where we... well, try to hit that thing with a stick.

Baljeet: I guess I should not knock it until I try it?

(Baljeet throws a stick at the rock and it hits it.)

Baljeet: Wow! The thrill of hitting that thing with a stick is like no other!

Ferb: Truth.

(Cut to Candace peering from the kitchen window.)

Candace: Like no other? What's like no other? What are you guys up to?

Isabella: Whoop, whoop! Ooh, I feel the rush of hitting that thing with a stick!

Candace: (approaches the gang) Ugh, are you guys seriously just throwing sticks at things? That is so not bustable. (leaves)

Buford: Hmmm.

(Buford grabs a stick, hurls it, but it misses the rock.)

Buford: Whoa, that's weird. I could throw balls no problem. (gets out a baseball) Watch dis! Dat can! Dat mosquito! Dat Hadron collider!

Phineas: Huh. Strange we never noticed that.

Buford: Now lemme try this stick again.

(He throws the stick and misses again.)

Buford: (falling to his knees) WHYYYYYYYYY?????!

I know what we're gonna do today! We're gonna build a stick-throwing target practice arena! Hey, where's Perry?

Isabella: He's just over there.

Phineas: Okay. Let's go get some supplies.

(Perry's watch beeps.)

Major Monogram: (on watch) Super code red emergency, Agent P!

(Perry gets behind the tree, throws a stick, which hits a telephone pole, and a birdhouse, which activates a garden gnome, which splits in half showing the hole to his lair entrance. Perry puts the stick in the hole, and then goes down the elevator into his lair.)

Major Monogram: The super code red emergency is that our organization, O.W.C.A., has to square off with the evil scientist organization, L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N., in a soccer game.

Carl: And I get to be unpaid waterboy!

Major Monogram: And I would obviously lend my incredible athleticism to the team, but... I get a little too competitive. It's, uh, not pretty. Anyway, Agent P, get over there and see what Doof's up to. I know he'll find some way to cheat.

(Perry salutes, puts on his jetpack and takes off.)



(Cut to:)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Perry bursts the door open and finds all the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. players gathered around.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, how nice of you to showcase your loyalty to me. You're on... You're on our team, right?

(Perry shakes his head "no".)

Doofenshmirtz: No? Okay, fine! The L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. team will still be unstoppable! As you know, kicking a ball is now my forte. (He kicks a soccer ball, but misses. Takes out an inator.) Behold, my Bring-Me-A-Ringer-inator, which, as may have deduced, will bring me a superstar soccer player, because, let's be honest, we are athletes of the mind, not the body, obviously. So, our team, y'know, needs a little— (a soccer ball hits him) Ow!

Dr. Diminutive: My bad.



(Cut back to the backyard. The gang are setting up a target practice to a musical montage.)

(Song: Hit That Thing with a Stick)

♪ You gotta hit that thing with a stick, ♪

♪ Just loosen up your wrist and give it a flick ♪

♪ You gotta hit that thing with a stick, ♪

♪ You're not too old of a dog to learn a new trick ♪



♪ You gotta be a stick-throwin' lunatic ♪

♪ You gotta hit that thing with a stick ♪

♪ It's gonna be sick! (Yeah, it's gonna be sick!) ♪

♪ Yeah, it's gonna be sick! ♪

Isabella: Woo-woo!

(Pull out to Candace watching from the kitchen window holding a lemon pop.)

Candace: Seriously? You're just tossing slender pieces of wood all day? I'm not upset. I'm just disappointed in you.

(Cut to Buford throwing a stick at a target, but it misses once more.)

Buford: Ah! Left again! Everything keeps goin' left! I'm cursed!

Phineas: Maybe it's time we go back to the drawing board and...

Isabella: (running with sticks like a crazy person) More sticks!



(Cut to the soccer field. Monogram is giving the O.W.C.A. animal agents a pep talk.)

Major Monogram: Alright, O.W.C.A., this is for the honor of the agency. Drill time!

(Wipe right to a training montage. Agent Fish does some showboating, as Agent Eagle grabs the ball with his claws, who passes it to Agent Giraffe, then Agent Elephant, then to Terry the Turtle, and Agent Monkey to Agent P, who tail flips it to Agent Whale, who groans in pain as the ball hits him.)

Major Monogram: Oh! Agent W pulled a muscle! (to Carl) Get the stretcher! The big one!

(Whip pan to L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. doing their own practice.)

Doofenshmirtz: Teamwork makes the scheme work! I even convinced Vanessa to show her support.

(Pan left to Vanessa on her phone and holding a cheerleading pom-pom, which she waves indifferently.)

Vanessa: (flatly) Rah, rah.

(Cut to the bushes. Dink Winkerson, wearing an orange prison jumpsuit, emerging from the bushes, and holding a stick like a microphone.)

Dink Winkerson: Dink Winkerson here, and out of prison so many times, I've lost count. And I'm out again, and I have a compulsive need to report on the first thing I see. Ooh, a soccer game! That'll do. (He shoves two little girls off a lemonade stand and uses it as an announcer's booth.) And it's a beautiful day for the ultimate contest of good versus evil! (He puts a lemon on his stick.)

Doofenshmirtz: Francis, prepare to shave your upper lip, and your intern.

Major Monogram: You're lucky I'm exercising boundaries. Otherwise, you'd be burnt toast, Doofenshmirtz!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah? Let me introduce you to my little friend!

(He activates the inator, which brings out a ringer.)

Major Monogram: Cristo Fernández?

Cristo Fernández: Soccer is life. But more importantly, acting is life.

(Monogram looks at Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Don't gimme that look, Francis. You brought Megan Rapinoe.

Megan Rapinoe: Uh, yeah, I'm just here 'cause my house is being tented.

(Cut to an advertisement.)

♪ The termites have nested ♪

♪ The house is infested ♪

♪ Tuff Tents! ♪

(Cut back to the field.)

Major Monogram: And your misfortune is our fortune.

(Cut to a screen showing the lineups for the teams. Cut back to Doof and Fernández.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, lemme get this straight: you're a soccer player turned actor turned actor-soccer player?

Cristo Fernández: Si, si, si. But those are just three of my dimensions, I have way more to offer. Like, I'm also devilishly handsome.

Vanessa: And I'm back in the game! (shakes pom-poms, with more enthusiasm) Rah-rah!

Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah. Listen, you're an actor, so act. If anyone slightly bumps into you, fake an injury. Do a, do a whole soliloquy, just sell it.

Cristo Fernández: Hold on a second, so you just want me here to flop? I actually played some professional soccer—

Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't need your life story, just flop on the ground like a kid throwing a tantrum.

Dink Winkerson: Our ref today is Klimpaloon, the Magical Old-Timey Bathing Suit That Lives in the Himalayas!

(Klimpy blows his whistle and the game begins.)

(Song: Give That Ball a Kick)

♪ Give the ball a kick (8x) ♪



♪ You've got to give that ball a kick (Give that ball a kick) ♪

♪ Run up and down the field real quick, ♪

♪ Wind up and give that ball a kick (Give that ball a kick) ♪

♪ You've got to be a goal-making lunatic ♪



♪ Hold up, stop! And pose for a pic! ♪

♪ I don't want to be impolitic ♪

♪ But you should give that ball a kick ♪

♪ Man, it's gonna be sick ♪

♪ (Give that ball a kick, man, it's gonna be sick!) ♪

♪ Give that ball a kick ♪

♪ Man, it's gonna be sick ♪

♪ (Give that ball a kick, man, it's gonna be sick!) ♪

♪ Yeah, it's gonna be sick! ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Ow! I really should have stretched.

Major Monogram: Oh, come on! That goal is not regulation size! Enough of this!

Doofenshmirtz: Are you serious?

Klimpaloon: (giving a yellow card to Doof) Naaaaaaang...

Doofenshmirtz: Moi?!

Dink Winkerson: And we're at halftime! Let's talk to the players!

Dr. Diminutive: Well, I—

Dink Winkerson: The important ones! (to Fernández) Thoughts on the game so far?

Cristo Fernández: Good question. I really feel like I found my character's motivation.

Megan Rapinoe: (on the phone with the exterminator) What do you mean "structural damage"? Ugh!

Dink Winkerson: Well, that sounds expensive! And now, a word from our sponsors.

♪ Tuff Tents! ♪



(Wipe right back to the Flynn-Fletcher house.)

Phineas: Just what we need to help Buford hit his targets. Almost done.



(Cut back to the game.)

Dink Winkerson: And the second half is underway. Agent B takes the ball and flutters it gracefully down the field!

(Agent Butterfly taps Fernández on the nose.)

Cristo Fernández: ¡Ay, yi, yi, yi, yi, yi, yi! It hurts! It hurst so much! The pain! The drama! Everything— (stops acting) I have representation, I can also do comedy. (back to acting) ¡Ayyyyyyyyy!

Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no overselling it! Ugh! You were supposed to stay in the game.

Megan Rapinoe: Oh, my house is ready!

(A chopper's ladder descends to take her away.)

Megan Rapinoe: Byeeeeeeeeeeee!

Dink Winkerson: Ooh, both teams are down a player! But O.W.C.A. no longer has enough players to even continue the match. They may have to forfeit. That is, unless their coach enters the game.

Doofenshmirtz: Well, Francis? I've been playing this whole time. Are you gonna step up or do you wanna just let me know what shaving cream works best with your skin? (laughs)

(Monogram becomes filled with rage, but then...)

Major Monogram: Carl, get over here!

Carl: You're putting me in?

Major Monogram: (pours water over himself) No, I need hydration! I'm going in!

(Monogram rips off his uniform to reveal a soccer uniform underneath and a more muscular physique. He charges onto the field.)

Dink Winkerson: In the final seconds, L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. leading by one on a two-on-one breakaway heading toward the keeper. They pass back and forth, forth and back, keeping the platypus on his toes.

(Doof kicks the ball toward the goal, but Perry kicks it back and it ends up in L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N.'s net.)

Dink Winkerson: Incredible! The block ties the game!

(Cut to the scoreboard, the score is tied 23 to 23.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hit me! Hit me, I'm open! I'm open!

(Doof runs toward the ball, but Monogram blocks him.)

Major Monogram: Not today, Heinz!! Not today!

Doofenshmirtz: You're a monster, Francis!

Klimpaloon: (handing a red card to Monogram) Nang, nang, nang...

Dink Winkerson: Oooh! Illegal tackle! Doofenshmirtz gets a chance for a penalty kick to win the game!

Dr. Diminutive: It's all on you, Doofenshmirtz! Don't blow it!

Doofenshmirtz: (pressing a remote) Ha ha!

(The remote activates the net, which traps Perry.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on, don't act surprised. I literally just said we're evil, so we have to cheat.



(Cut back to the backyard.)

Phineas: Okay, everyone, time to finish helping Buford hit his target.

(Pull out to reveal a giant pair of mechanical hands. Candace comes out the door with an accusing pointer finger.)

Candace: Aha! Wait. Giant hands? That's not nothing, I guess. I'm getting Mom!

Phineas: On the count of three, we'll activate Lenny! (pushes remote) One...

(Lenny pulls some grass up.)

Phineas: ...two... 



(Crossfade back to the game as we look at the reactions of both teams. Cut back to the backyard.)

Phineas: Three!

(Buford throws his stick and Doof kicks the ball. Phineas pushes the green button on the remote and the entire Earth moves a bit to the left. Cut to Candace inside.)

Candace: Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! (bumps into a wall)

(Cut to outside, the stick hits the target and the ball misses the goal.)

Candace: What the? Phineas and Ferb!!

Buford: Yes! I did it! I hit that thing with a stick! Take that, thing!

Phineas: Moving the entire city eight inches to the left was just what Buford needed.

(Phineas resets the Earth back to its position and the hands and target disappear into the ground just in time for Candace and Mom to appear.)

Linda: Candace, sticks. They're throwing sticks, sweetie. (leaves)

Candace: But... but, but, but...



(Cut back to the game.)

Doofenshmirtz: What the? No way! How did...

Klimpaloon: Nang, nang, nang... (blows whistle)

Dink Winkerson: You heard the referee, tied game! This is Dink Winkerson, going back to prison!

(Zoom out to reveal Dink being hauled away by a policeman as the two girls from earlier look at him angrily. Cut to the O.W.C.A. goal. Monogram and Carl lift Perry in the air in celebration. Cut to the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. team leaving along with Vanessa, who throws her pom-pom at Doof. Monogram approaches Doof and lifts his hand as if to slap him.)

Doofenshmirtz: Aah!

(But instead, Monogram holds out his hand for a handshake.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, sportsmanship. Fine.

(Monogram pulls his hand away.)

Carl: Sir!

Major Monogram: (grumbles) Okay, fine.

(Both Doof and Monogram shake.)

Major Monogram: Well, I have to admit, that game reminded me how important L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. is for O.W.C.A. to stay motivated. And it reminded me why I'm behind a desk now. My brain is more stable than my brawn.

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, fine, but you didn't win, so I get to shave your mustache.

Major Monogram: You didn't win either, so I get to shave your head!

(beat)

(Wipe down to reveal a now clean-shaven Monogram and bald Doof. Carl approaches them, but then runs off as he knows what's about to happen.)

Doofenshmirtz: A bet is a bet!

Major Monogram: Carl, get back here!

Doofenshmirtz: Get back!

Carl: (screams)

(Monogram and Doof chase Carl around the field as Agent P leaves on his jetpack.)

