(Scene opens on film leader counting down from three.)

Major Monogram: "Why Is That Ferret Wearing a Fedora?" An OWCA Guide for Those in the Know.

(Cut to Monogram and Carl, who is in a beaver costume. Monogram has not memorized his lines.)

Major Monogram: Billy the Beaver, you are a secret agent?

Carl: (as Billy) Alas, you know my mysterious secret. (to the camera) Hello. Now that you know about one of our agents, please follow these OWCA guidelines.

(Cut to Monogram in a tux in a cardboard alleyway standing next to a cardboard buffalo agent with a piano hanging over it.)

Major Monogram: (voiceover) Doonie Do-Good knows it's his responsibility to step in and use any skills he has to help.

("Donnie" pulls the cardboard buffalo away from the falling piano.)

(Cut to black. Cut to Carl dressed in ratty clothing on the same alleyway set standing before a cardboard cutout of Agent D.)

Major Monogram: (voiceover) But Dougie Do-Nothing hesitates and...

(The piano falls on the duck cutout. Zoom out to reveal the film being watched on Stacy's laptop.)

Major Monogram: (voiceover) Can you see what went wrong?

Stacy: Thanks for sharing this, Perry. To be honest, it's been a little awkward since I found out about your secret last summer. But it is weird this specific thing happens so often there's a premade video to deal with it. But even weirder that they shot it on film. I mean, how old is this video? Anyway, rest assured, I'll be a Donnie Do-Good.

(Agent P salutes to Stacy and grabs his jetpack from the couch and takes off and flies through the fireplace.)

♪ Agent P! ♪

Stacy: (coughs) You know we have a front door. (coughs)



(Cut to the Convention Center, being prepared for the Danville's Doctor & Scientist Symposium. Stacy's mother approaches Stacy and Candace with a tray of hors d'oeuvres.)

Dr. Hirano: Thank you girls for helping out with the Doctor & Scientist Symposium. Two of our servers got food poisoning and had to drop out. Oh, and hopefully this is not the food that caused that. Excuse me.

Stacy: Yeah, thanks, Candace. With both of us here, it should be fun.

Candace: No problem, Stacy. I mean, I am a little disappointed that I'll miss out on busting my brothers today, but at least I get to serve food to a room full of strangers.

Stacy: It'll be easy. All we have to do is wrangle a few doctors and scientists, "This way to the dessert table." It's like herding very smart cattle. (Moos like a cow.)

(A bell is heard. Zoom out to reveal Stacy has somehow attracted an actual cow into the room. The cow leaves.)

Candace: Ha! I forgot how strangely impressive you are at very specific animal sounds.

Stacy: Yes, I'm very good at a skill I would never need to use in real life. You should hear my hiccuping dolphin. (does a dolphin chatter, hiccups)

(Beat.)

Candace: Yeah, let's get back to it.



(Crossfade to later. The doctors and scientists are enjoying their hors d'oeuvres. The doors bang open to unveil...)

Doofenshmirtz Hello, doctors and scientists of Danville!

(Beat.)

Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, it's weird that I was not invited to this. I'm a doctor and a scientist. An evil scientist. Not an evil doctor. That would be weird. And now, as they say in Uruguay, point me to the buffet! And... who's kidding how? The buffet's the only reason I came.

(Doof passes by Stacy and Candace.)

Stacy: Free shrimp. It's a perk. (swallows one, does her dolphin imitation again)

Candace: Yep, that is a useless skill.



(Cut to Perry's lair.)

Major Monogram: Agent P, thanks for coming in this evening. Doofenshmirtz has been spotted interacting with other doctors and scientists and must be up to something evil.

Carl: What makes you say that, sir?

Major Monogram: Duh, it's his whole shtick. It's on the side of his building. Anyway, Agent P, go do what it is you do.

(Agent P salutes and leaves.)

Major Monogram: "Why do I think he's evil". Have you ever even watched this show?!



(Cut back to the Convention Center. Doof is helping himself to the buffet.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah, this is where all the years of studying evil science really pays off. (Doof looks behind him to catch a familiar sight.) Ah, Dr. Diminutive. I won't say it's good to see you, but it is, it is hard to see you because you're so small. (laughs)

Dr. Diminutive: I'm easier to see than your ex-wife, 'cause, y'know, you're so divorced.

Doofenshmirtz: We wanted different things. She wanted to not be married to me. So what's new, Short Stuff?

Dr. Diminutive: Not that it's any of your business, Heinz, but I've been trying to win the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. tag and bag contest. Just my luck that Agent Silent G is out of town this week.

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait, what tag and bag contest?

(Diminutive shows Doof the flyer.)

Doofenshmirtz: (reading) "Bring Your Nemesis In for Bragging Rights and a Special Prize!!!" That's easier said than done. I catch Perry the Platypus every day, but like suppressed flatulence, he always manages to escape.

Dr. Diminutive: Charming.

Doofenshmirtz: I... I may have overshared there.

(Cut to Stacy putting bread rolls on a tray. Agent P sneaks behind her. Stacy notices.)

Stacy: (gasps) Perry?

(Perry barrel rolls behind a table, and checks if the coast is clear.)

Stacy: Oh, no! Candace can't see him in agent mode! What else does it say in the video?

(Stacy sneaks behind the ice sculpture table and watches the video on her phone.)

Major Monogram: Remember the three D's. "Distraction", "Discussion", or "Diversion". Make a "Decision". Nope, four. I guess there are four.

Stacy: Distraction.

(Stacy peers from the table and sees Perry and Candace within walking distance of each other. Perry looks up.)

Perry: (gasps)

(Stacy throws a bread roll at Candace. The distraction.)

Candace: Ow!

(Stacy goes up to Candace. The discussion.)

Stacy: Candace, did you know that my boyfriend, Coltrane, is secretly on the Venezuelan Olympic luge team? Well, (giggles) he isn't.

(The diversion.)

Stacy: Hey, look over there!

Candace: I don't see anything over here that wasn't over there.

(Perry gives a thumb's up to Stacy.)

(Cut back to Doof and Diminutive.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? What's he doing here? He's not a doctor. I don't think he's a doctor. I... I don't know for sure, I guess. He... He is truly an enigma. Wait, Diminutive! Whenever I trap Perry the Platypus, he escapes.

Dr. Diminutive: Yeah, you said that already.

Doofenshmirtz: But if you and I teamed up and both trapped Perry the Platypus, he'd be twice as trapped and we could split the tag and bag prize!

Dr. Diminutive: Heinz, as reluctant as I am to agree with you, that's actually a good idea!

Doofenshmirtz: Ooh! Ooh! We can call ourselves Double Doctor Squad! Oh, no, that abbreviates to D.D.S, and I don't want people to think we're dentists. Ooh, how about Doof 'n' Diminutive Squad? No, no, same thing. Name TBD. Let's go!

(Cut to Candace bussing some plates. Doof and Diminutive walk behind her.)

Emcee: And the award for most ingenious use of nucleotides in an amusement park ride goes to, once again, it's Phineas and Ferb!

(Applause as Phineas and Ferb take the stage.)

Candace: Did I hear "Phineas and Ferb"?

Scientist 1: No, I was wondering aloud, "Is 'hideous' a verb?" Turn out it's an adjective. It means ugly.

Candace: Ugh.

(Cut to Perry running through the party.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, what are you doing here? Besides getting trapped! (laughs) You've been double-trapped by Dr. D. Squared. Yeah, that's still not right.

(Stacy watches as DDS takes away Perry.)

Stacy: (gulp) This is not good. Uh, Candace, could you hold down the fort? This shrimp cocktail isn't agreeing with me.

Candace: Go. I got this.

(Stacy leaves.)



(Cut to outside. Stacy goes through the doors and sees Doof's car carrying the double-trapped Agent P. Stacy looks to her right to see Agent P's scooter.)

Stacy: Donnie Do-Good is on the job!

(Stacy puts on her helmet and revs up the scooter, and goes in pursuit of DDS. The phone on the scooter rings.)

Major Monogram: Agent P? Great googly moogly! You're not Agent P! I mean, uh, that is... Look over there!

Stacy: My name is Stacy Hirano. I know Perry's a secret agent, and he's been captured. I'm in pursuit now.

(Doof's car stops in front of a bakery. Stacy parks the scooter and takes off the helmet and takes the phone out of the scooter.)

Major Monogram: This is highly irregular. I really... Can you turn the screen sideways? I really don't look good in the vertical aspect ratio.

Stacy: (does so) Sorry, sir, but there's no time to go through proper channels. But I've seen the video. I'm a Donnie Do-Good.

Carl: Sir, she's our only hope. All our other agents are being dewormed.

Major Monogram: Oh, right. I forgot Agent W is missing. Go, young lady, go!

(Stacy hangs up.)



(Cut back to the symposium.)

Emcee: And the area for exceptional rocket science in a supporting role goes to Phineas and Ferb.

Candace: Now I know I heard "Phineas and Ferb!

Scientist 2: No, I said, "Fibbing is for the birds". It's part of my presentation I'm making later.

Candace: (gasps) That doesn't even make sense.

Scientist 2: I worked hard on this.



(Crossfade back to Stacy, as she spies on Doof and Diminutive walking into the bakery with the still trapped Perry. Doof puts his hand on the handprint scanner, which burns him.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ouch, they're really cranking up the evil a notch. I... I think they burned off my fingertips.

(Doof and Diminutive walk in. Stacy follows them and views from the door window.)



(Cut to inside the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. HQ. Doof and Diminutive approach the receptionist.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hello, hi? We're here to turn in my nemesis. Where's our prize?

Receptionist: (hands Doof a clipboard) Uh-huh.

Doofenshmirtz: Paperwork. That's the real evil.

(Two muscle-bound henchmen wheel the trapped Perry away.)

Doofenshmirtz: Uh...

(The receptionist hands Doof another clipboard, and another, and another.)

Doofenshmirtz: Do you have a short form?

Dr. Diminutive: (offended) What's that supposed to mean?!



(Cut to outside. Stacy is pacing back and forth.)

Stacy: What do I do? What do I do?

(She takes out her phone and presses play on the video. Carl is seen in a yellow belt karate robe in front of a punching dummy.)

Major Monogram: (voiceover) In a crisis, rely on your own unique skill set. For instance, Carl here knows how to yo-yo.

(Carl takes a yo-yo out of his robe and wheels it at the dummy.)

Stacy: Okay, special skills. Uh, miniature golf, babysitting, gymnastics, third level black belt in taekwondo.

Echo: Taekwondo... Taekwondo...

(Zoom in as Stacy has an epiphany. Flashback to earlier in the episode.)

Candace: I forgot how strangely impressive you are at very specific animal sounds. Animal sounds. Animal sounds.

(Cut back to Stacy.)

Stacy: I also make all those weird animal noises!

(Stacy spots an open window and a fuse box. She opens the fusebox.)



(Cut back to Doof and Diminutive doing paper work. The lights go out.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait. What is this? Now we have to fill these forms out in the dark? Is that what...

(A cow moos.)

(Cut to outside. Stacy imitates a bird cawing.)

Stacy: And I thought this would never come in handy.



(Cut to inside. A dolphin is heard.)

Dr. Diminutive: It's the agents of OWCA!

(An elephant is heard.)

Dr. Diminutive: And Danny the Dolphin has the hiccups, apparently.

Doofenshmirtz: They've got us surrounded! Every evil scientist for himself!



(Cut to outside. All the evil scientists run out the door.)

Female Evil Scientist: Their little fedoras give me the willies!

(Stacy somersaults and sticks the landing by the door.)

Stacy: Oh, I guess the gymnastics helps, too. Ha!

Male Evil Scientist: Eh?

(Stacy chops the evil scientist down.)

Stacy: And the taekwondo! I wonder if the miniature golf will come in handy.

(Stacy kicks the scientist away and goes inside.)



(Cut to the lobby. Stacy runs into the entrance and hides to avoid all the evil scientists. She goes up the stairs. Cut to a theater in the round. Perry is now hovering over a tank of hippopotamuses.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, what is this? Perry the Platypus in a death trap? What the—When did L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. get so evil? And wh—Hippos? Wait, aren't sharks more traditional in a death trap?

Dr. Diminutive: Yeah, actually, hippos are much more dangerous than sharks.

Doofenshmirtz: Not interested right now, Shorty. Jeez, read the room.

Dr. Diminutive: (under his breath) No prize is worth this.

(Cut to Stacy.)

Stacy: Now what? It's not like I can just march in there among all those evil scientists. Or can I? These weirdos are expecting animal agents to break in, (smiles) not teenage girls.

(Cut back to the theater. An evil scientist pulls the lever as the platform Perry is trapped on is lowered into the hippo tank. Everyone but Doof laughs evilly at the prospect of disposing the platypus once and for all.)

Stacy: Hello? Did one of you guys call for a babysitter? 

Male Evil Scientist 2: Who is that girl and what does she want?

Stacy: (looking at a piece of paper) This is 989 Poomwle, right? (turns paper upside-down) Oh, I'm sorry. 686 Elmwood?

Male Evil Scientist 3: Hey, did one of you order a babysitter?

(Stacy pushes the release button, freeing Perry from death's grasp. Perry pounces onto one of the hippos, which roars and jumps onto the ledge of the tank.)

Doofenshmirtz: Uh-oh.

(All the L.O.V.E.M.U.F.F.I.N. villains go towards Perry. He breaks Dr. Killbot's helmet. Stacy helps out.)

Stacy: Fore! I used mini golf!

(Perry angrily approaches his nemesis.)

Doofenshmirtz: I'm so sorry, Perry the Platypus. I would never have brought you here if I'd known about the whole death by hippos deal. That is... That is not my style. That is...

(Perry punches Doof offscreen.)

Doofenshmirtz: No, no, I get it. Go ahead. Thwart me. I deserve it.



(Crossfade to outside. Perry smiles at Stacy and gives her her own fedora, effectively recruiting her as the newest member of OWCA. Perry looks at his watch.)

Major Monogram: Excellent work. Looks like Donnie Do-Good did good.

(Stacy high fives Perry.)



(Cut back to the symposium.)

Emcee: And our final award of the night... Aw, who'm I kidding? It's Phineas and Ferb!

(Stacy ropes back in behind Candace.)

Candace: Okay, I swear someone just said, "Phine—" AAAAH! Stacy, where have you been?

Stacy: Ugh, the shrimp cocktail.

Candace: Oh, that's the worst. I'm so sorry. Sriracha cheese stick?



(Song: Agent T (for Teen))

♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪

♪ Dooooo bee doo bee doo bah ♪

♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪

♪ Dooooo bee doo bee doo bah ♪

♪ STACY! ♪



♪ She's a sixteen-year old teenage girl who is average ♪

♪ (Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪

♪ Dooooo bee doo bee doo bah) ♪

♪ She's always stuck carrying the weight ♪

♪ Of Candace's baggage ♪



♪ She's got a miniskirt and a bow ♪

♪ (Ah-ah-ah) ♪

♪ She watched the informational video ♪

♪ (Bah, buh-bow!) ♪

♪ With her unique skills, ♪

♪ She's equipped and ready to go! ♪



♪ Stacy! ♪

♪ Stacy Hirano! ♪

♪ She's Stacy! ♪

♪ A-GENT T! ♪



For teen.

Candace: (opens a door) Got any more in here?

(Cut to a rather creepy room filled with Baljeet suits at a tea party. Candace is clearly unsettled by this image. The lamp keeps swinging and the shot switches between the suits and Candace's reaction throughout the credits, until Candace finally closes the door.)

