(A narration starts on an outer space background.)

Narrator: It's the third installment of Meap.

(Meap falls down and appears.)

Meap: Meap.

Narrator: If you haven't seen the first two, go back and watch them now. We will wait. (Meap pulls out a watch and gives a couple seconds.) Okay we're done waiting.

(The scene cuts to Phineas' backyard from the trailer. Trailer scenes from "Meapless in Seattle" immediately follow.)

Narrator (cont'd): The first episode of Meap ended with a trailer of random shots for an episode we never intended to make. But then, we had to write around those shots, incorporating them into a second episode. At which point, we knew we weren't going to make a third episode, so we ended it with an even dumber trailer. Take a look.

(The words "AN EVEN DUMBER TRAILER" appear on the screen. The trailer for this episode from the credits of "Meapless in Seattle" is played. All character lines are rerecorded.)

(Said trailer opens up with another aerial shot of the Earth. Cut to two spaceships ramming into each other.)

Narrator: And now, a trailer for an episode we also have no plans to make.

(Cut to Baljeet water-skiing.)

Baljeet: Pay attention up there!

(Cut to Candace wearing a birthday hat at what appears to be a party in the backyard. Jerry the Platypus is seen waving.)

Candace: Jerry the Platypus?

(Cut to Phineas and Ferb in the city.)

Phineas: Ferb, aren't those extinct?

(Cut to the backyard. Meap's ship is parked, and he walks away from it calmly. The ship explodes. Cut once more to a closed pair of church doors, which a suited Jeremy barges open.)

Jeremy: As a matter of fact, I object to this union.

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz in a bus.)

Doofenshmirtz: (song: "Sucker for Mass Transit") Yes, ♪I'm just a guy who's a sucker for the sounds of mass transit.♪

(Cut to Meap and Suzy fighting at a Bango-Ru convention in a style that is identical to their duel in the first trailer. Theatrical text rolls across the screen...)

Narrator: The Chronicles of Meap, Episode 42.

(Then we cut to a structure that looks like the Millennium Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri.)

Meap: Meap!

Narrator: "Meap Me in St. Louis".

(Cut back to Doofenshmirtz in the bus.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wasn't that Suzy stuff supposed to be in this one?

Narrator: (cont'd) (And now, we're back to the opening of this episode. The 12 shots are displayed on a 4x3 grid.) Now, somehow, we have to incorporate these 12 shots into an episode. Here goes.

(Scene opens on the vastness of space. Pan down over Earth. Meap's ship is being pursued by a much larger ship. The larger ship deploys two smaller ships that resemble sleek automobiles. Meap's ship hurtles through the asteroid belt and past Mars. The two smaller ships give chase and bump into each other.)

 TRAILER SHOT #1 

(One of the smaller ships trips over an asteroid.)

Alliance Commander: This is the Alliance Commander.

(Cut to inside the larger ship, which is being piloted by two members of Meap's species and captained by the Alliance Commander, who is holding a megaphone and seated next to a strawberry ice cream sundae.)

Alliance Commander: You've been ordered to stand down.

(Cut to inside Meap's ship. Meap floors it and pushes a big red button.)

Ship's computer: Self-destruct initiated.

(Meap puts on a helmet and exits the ship.)

Ship's computer: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...

(KABOOM! The ship explodes. Zoom out to the Alliance Commander's ship.)

Alliance Commander: (gasps)' Oh, man. You know how much paperwork this means?

(The ship turns away from the debris of Meap's ship.)

Narrator: The Chronicles of Meap, Episode 42...

Meap: Meap.

Narrator: "Meap Me in St. Louis"! Starring John Stamos as Meap!

(Some fine print is seen under Stamos' credit with the asterisk "*Placeholder Only". Meap crashes into the opening titles and onto a meteor. He appears unconscious at first, but then comes to.)

Meap: Meap. (into his communicator) Meap meap meap meap meap.

(A space taxi arrives to him, driven by one of the aliens from the Shooting Star Milkshake Bar.)



(Cut to Earth, Jeremy's house, where a party is taking place.)

Candace: Well, Candace, you're at a Bango-Ru-themed birthday party for a little girl who despises you. I just hope no one objects to a giraffe marrying a lemur.

Jeremy: (walking through stained-glass fence doors wearing a suit) Well, as a matter of fact, I object to this union.

TRAILER SHOT #2

Jeremy: But only 'cause it's cuter than my shark-koala.

(Whip pan to Mrs. Garcia-Shapiro talking to Jeremy's dad.)

Mrs. Garcia-Shapiro: So your wife is still in her stained glass phase?

Mr. Johnson: (walking away) I don't wanna talk about it.

(Cut back to Jeremy and Candace.)

Jeremy: Thanks for coming, Candace. Suzy's been waiting for you all day.

(Cut to Little Suzy Johnson making a spear out of a stick, some rope, and a gardening trowel.)

Candace: Oh, yeah. She looks pretty psyched. Hey, did I see Perry on the invite?

Jeremy: (laughing) No. She invited Jerry the Platypus.

(Cut to Jerry waving.)

TRAILER SHOT #3

(Jerry approaches Candace and gives her a party hat to wear and shoots a confetti cannon.)

Candace: Jerry the Platypus?

TRAILER SHOT #4



(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. Baljeet is leading Buford, who has his eyes closed, toward the gate.)

Baljeet: A little further. (opens gate) A little further. Okay, open your eyes.

(POV shot from Buford's closed eyes. He opens them to find Phineas, Isabella, and Ferb in front of some giant flour sacks, an electric mixer, and giant tubs of frosting.)

Phineas: Eh? Eh?

Buford: Uh, if dis is an intervention, I don't think you guys are doin' it right.

Phineas: No, today's the day! We're gonna build a Bread Bowl Hot Tub!

Echo: Bread Bowl Hot Tub...

(Tschaikovsky's "1812 Overture" plays in triumph.)

Buford: YEAAAAAAAHHHHH!! WHOA! YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH!!!! DREAMS DO COME TRUE!!! WOOHOO!!



(Cut to inside the house. Perry is sleeping when his watch beeps. He puts on his fedora and sits on the couch. He flips the floor revealing an identical couch underneath. Cut to Perry's lair, which is upside-down. Perry almost loses his hat. The scene flips back to right-side-up.)

Major Monogram: Well, that was trippy. Good morning, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz has been spotted doing a variety of non-evil things, maniacally.

(Some shots are superimposed over his face of Doof making smoothies, brushing his teeth, pushing the walk sign button, and folding his underpants, maniacally.)

Major Monogram: We have to assume evil intent, though, because that's what pays the bills around here. Thwart away, Agent P!

(Perry salutes, pushes a button on his chair, which flips over revealing an empty chair underneath. The entire scene once again rotates upside-down.)

Major Monogram: Here we go! This doesn't even make any sense!



(Cut to Agent P in his platy-car. Cut to on the street to see Buford still celebrating.)

Buford: Yeah! I'm gonna be soakin' in soup!! WOOHOOOOOO!!!!

(Perry pushes a button on his car labeled "emergency camouflage". The car transitions into a blimp for "Val's VHS Tapes.")

Phineas: VHS tapes? Ferb, aren't those extinct?

TRAILER SHOT #5

(Ferb shrugs.)



(Cut back to the party.)

Candace: So this is kinda cool. Just regular folks havin' a nice time. And Meap. Meap, what are you doing here?

Meap: Candace, I've come sixteen million lightyears to find you.

Candace: Wait, how can I understand you without your mustache translator?

Meap: Oh, we got new translators. (holds out his remote) That's why I sound like John Stamos. Have mercy.

Candace: Right, of course.

Meap: Candace, Big Mitch is back with a new, convoluted, evil scheme, but no one believes me. And you are my only hope. Come on!

Suzy: Jeremy, Brayden #3 is dipping his finger into the cake and denying it! I wish I could bust him!

Candace: Pssh! Child's play. I could bust him with my hands tied behind my back.

Suzy: Well, if it's so easy, why don't you show me? Come on. (grabs Candace's hand)

Meap: (grabs Candace's other hand) We are on an important mission, young lady. Let us pass.

Suzy: I don't think so, short stuff. I think you and I are about to have a giant Matrix-like battle.

(Flash cut to Little Suzy and Meap in an arena surrounded by Bango-Ru's.)

Suzy: In front of all these Bango-Ru toys!

(The trailer shot tries to sneak in, but...)

Candace: No, no, no, no, no. I'll do this.

(Candace snaps a photo of Brayden #3 licking the cake and texts it to Suzy.)

Suzy: Oh, guess we're not gonna fight. Brayden, you are so busted!

Meap: That was amazing! Exactly why I sought you out. Candace, you are the most focused, determined busting machine I know. Together, we can bring Mitch down.

Candace: (scoffs) Well, it is sorta my wheelhouse, so you know, sure, I'm in.

Meap: The first thing we must do is recruit the rest of our team. The most inventive human minds this side of Nebulous Nebula.

Candace: You're gonna say, "Phineas and Ferb", aren't you?

Meap: Yes. Yes, I am.

(Meap pushes a button on his remote and he and Candace are transported out.)



(Cut back to the gang still celebrating on the street.)

Buford: YEAH! WOOHOO! YEAH!!!

(Buford stops short when Candace teleports in front of him.)

The gang: (nonplussed) Oh, hi, Candace.

(Meap beams in. Everyone excitedly greets him. Candace looks annoyed.)

Phineas: Hey, Meap! (fist bumps him)

Meap: We need your help with Big Mitch.

Phineas: Of course. Oh, sorry, Buford. We'll have to save the Bread Bowl Hot Tub for another day.

Buford: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!

(Dramatic zoom out to the Tri-State Area, then to the stock photo of Earth.)

TRAILER SHOT #6

(Cut back to Meap.)

Meap: And to make matters worse, my own Alliance commandos are after me. I was forced to go rogue in order to prove Mitch is planning to build a vast criminal empire by finding the lost treasure of Zachariah Yore.

Buford: Who?

(Cut to an exposition scroll.)

Scroll: In the times of Yore, there was an intrepid explorer named Zachariah Yore. Young Zachariah was born to AnnaBeth and Josiah Yore in the outskirts of the small farming settlement of FarmTown.

(The dramatic music winds down. Cut back to Buford.)

Buford: Eh, I don't care that much.

Meap: Well, the treasure's a huge case filled with enough treasure to buy an equally huge case filled with the same amount of treasure.

(The gang chat with each other in amazement.)

Buford: That's a lot of treasure.

Candace: So where is Mitch anyway?

(Meaps presses a button on his remote and a projection shows an advertisement.)

Mitch: Do you need a break from the tedious shame spiral that is your life? I can give it to you at Big Mitch's Ultimate Vacation Destination Tours.

Meap: These fake tours are a ruse to fund Mitch's search for an ancient treasure. A treasure that I believe is right here on Earth.

Candace: Hey, we could set a trap and catch Mitch redhanded trying to steal it.

Meap: Great idea, Candace, but it could put the planet in grave danger. These tourists have trashed every environment they've gone to.

Phineas: Oh, we can handle a few partying out-of-towners. Right, Ferb?

(Ferb thumbs up.)

Phineas: The question is: how do we turn Earth into the ultimate vacation destination to lure Mitch here?

Baljeet: Wait! I know! Stabby Barf Pain!

Candace: Excuse me? Stabby Barf Pain sounds like the worst thing ever!

Baljeet: Stabby Barf Pain is the name of a theoretical fifth season that combines the best aspects of the other four seasons, winter, spring, summer, and fall into one! Flowers bloom as golden leaves fall from trees. Warm sun shines as beautiful snowflakes fill the air. A fifth season beyond all expectations!

Candace: That's Stabby Barf Pain?

Phineas: Yep. It gets its name from the scientist who theorized it. Dr. Sunny Gloriousweather. Yeah, he was bad at naming things. It's theoretical, but what if we actually made it?



(Cut to:)

♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪

(Cut to Doof's lab. Doof is standing in front of a whiteboard pitching ideas to Balloony.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, let's try this again. Eh, eh, eh. (He walks weirdly.)

(Perry barrel rolls off his car into Doof's lab.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus. Look, Balloony's back. You remember Balloony, right? Why is laughing the only thing evil scientists do, you know, "maniacally"? I thought, hey, I should stand out and something else maniacally. I'm expanding my brand.

(Perry crosses his arms.)

Doofenshmirtz: So far, not that much luck. Walking maniacally, that ain't happening. You saw. You saw. Neither is brushing my teeth maniacally.

(Perry looks at his watch impatiently.)

Doofenshmirtz: Asking for a shoe in size ten, maniacally. Going to the bathroom, maniacally. That was... That was a failure of epic proportions. You don't wanna know.

(Perry leaves.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, Perry the Platypus, where are you going? I... I could use a non-latex second opinion, I... Please? Please?

(Perry reluctantly walks back.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, see it's annoying, but it works!



(Cut to a distant planet. It is raining crustaceans. Mitch is mixing a cocktail, but the other aliens are bored.)

Alien 1: This place stinks. This isn't vacation weather. It's raining crustaceans.

Mitch: It's time we continue our quest for the galaxy's...

Mitch, Alien 1 and Alien 2: Ultimate vacation destination.

(The two aliens clap sarcastically as Mitch beams back into his ship.)

Mitch: We need to find a real vacation destination before these losers see through my ruse and stop funding this expedition. Keep scanning!



(Cut to the backyard. The gang is gathered with Candace and Mitch. Ferb is building something.)

Candace: Okay, Operation Snitch on Mitch.

Phineas: These weather altering machines will spread Stabby Barf Pain across Danville. Attracting anyone out there scanning for vacation destinations.

Meap: Candace and I will use my intel to locate the treasure. I just wish I had my ship.

Phineas: You mean the Ride from Outer Space? Ferb?

(Ferb pushes a button and a duplicate of Meap's ship dramatically rises up from the ground.)

Meap: My ship! B-But it was destroyed. You mean you made me another one?

Phineas: (referring to Ferb) Nah, he made one for us because it was too cool not to have, but you can have it. We're done.

(Ferb throws the remote to Meap.)

Meap: (grateful) Oh, thank you! (serious) I mean, thank you. (Meap pushes the button.) There. Locked and armed.

(Meap's ship is parked in the backyard, and Meap is walking away from it calmly. The ship explodes.)

TRAILER SHOT #7

(Meap looks back at the exploded ship and looks back at Ferb.)

Ferb: Oh, that's the self-destruct button. (pushes remote) The alarm is on the other side.

(Ferb throws the remote to Meap. The destroyed ship lowers down and another unexploded ship takes its place.)

Phineas: Okay, maybe we made two. In case someone accidentally exploded it. I mean, the remote is ambiguous.

Candace: So, i-i-if you're a fugitive from the Alliance, can't they track your remote signal here to Earth?

Meap: Yes. Yes, they can.

(Beat.)

Buford: Um, if yer done starin' into the distance, we gotta lotta work to do.



(Song: Stabby Barf Pain)

Isabella and the Fireside Girls: ♪ Stabby Barf Pain (La la la) ♪

♪ It's the best of all four seasons ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain (La la la) ♪

♪ We're gonna tell you all of the reasons ♪



♪ It's winter, spring, summer and fall ♪

♪ All rolled together in a big ole ball ♪

♪ Sunshine, snow, and wind, and rain ♪

♪ What else would you call it but Stabby Barf Pain! ♪



♪ Stabby Barf pain (La la la),  ♪

♪ I've never felt so hot and cold ♪

♪ Stabby barf pain (La la la), ♪

♪ This fabulous feeling will never get old ♪



(Baljeet is water-skiing.)

Baljeet: Pay attention up there!

TRAILER SHOT #8



♪ It's S'Winter and Sp'rall ♪

♪ Or Wummer and F'ring, ♪

♪ Whichever combo has a better ring ♪

♪ It's all of the best parts and none of the bad ♪

♪ It's the best season that you ever had ♪



♪ It's Stabby Barf Pain (Stabby Stabby Stabby Barf Pain), ♪

♪ La la la do do wa wa wa ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain ♪

♪ Mi ma ma foo foo ya ya ya ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain, ♪

♪ Shoop shooby wop wop na na na ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain ♪

♪ Socka wa wa ginza ya ya... ♪



(Cut to Mitch's ship.)

Hench-bot: We've intercepted as signal from Earth.

Mitch: Stabby Barf Pain? I thought that was theoretical! I have found the perfect vacation destination! Set a course for this... "Earth". (laughs maniacally)

(Scene opens on the planet from earlier. The alien tourists are protesting.)

Aliens: What do we want? The ultimate vacation destination! When do we want it? In the foreseeable future!

(A projection of Mitch appears off the ship.)

Mitch: Just as I promised, the ultimate vacation destination with Stabby Barf Pain!

Alien 3: Stabby Barf Pain? The theoretical fifth season?

Mitch: (to Hench-Robot) Set course to Earth. (laughs maniacally) That should appease those insufferable ingrates.

Alien 3: We can still hear you!



(Cut back to Danville, where all the children are enjoying Stabby Barf Pain. A snowball hits a guy getting a tan.)

Man: Hey, that's refreshing!

(Cut to Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Stabby Barf Pain? Just when we were sure we only had four seasons, suddenly there's a fifth. Anyway, we'll have to take the bus because maniacal parallel parking turned out pretty much as expected.

(Whip pan to Norm inside the crashed car.)

Norm: I made a dinner date with the jaws-of-life.



(Cut to Meap's ship outside the Tri-State Area Public Library. Cut to inside. Meap is speaking with Candace. We see the other patrons' point of view.)

Meap: Meap, meap, meap...

(Closeup on Candace and Meap.)

Meap: We must hurry before the Alliance finds me.

Candace: Tracking the treasure case's trajectory, it ended up in Missouri sometime around 1933.

Meap: That case is supposed to be huge. How could they keep something like that hidden?

Candace: Let's see, in 1933, St. Louis created a monument to Western expansion in America. This thing.

(Zoom in on Meap as the Gateway Arch appears in his eyes.)

Meap: Candace, that's it!



(Cut to Mitch's ship approaching Earth.)

Mitch: Hmmm, Stabby Barf Pain is spreading in this area. I'll send our obnoxious tourists down there while we continue our search for the treasure. Colin Jr. can head up the landing party. Speaking of which, where is Colin Ju— Ugh.

(Zoom out to reveal a balloon with a poorly drawn face caught on a ceiling fan's blades.)

Hench-Robot: Sorry, sir. It happened again.



(Cut to the bus.)

Doofenshmirtz: You know, Perry the Platypus, maybe I'm being too narrow with my definition of maniacal. I can just sing manically on a bus. ♪ I'm just a guy who's a sucker for the sounds of mass transit! ♪

TRAILER SHOT #9



(Cut back to Mitch's ship.)

Mitch: It really is Stabby Barf Pain! I can't believe—Wait, freeze that image.

(Balloony riding the bus is on screen.)

Mitch: It's Colin! The real Colin! (to Colin Jr.) I don't need you anymore.

(He bursts Colin Jr. with a pin.)



(Cut back to the bus. Perry, Doof, and Balloony depart.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait. What is everybody... Oh, I get it. Alien invasion. Yeah, that's, that's worth staring at. I get it.

(A Hench-Robot punches Doof and takes away Balloony.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Hey, wait, wait, wait, no! No, Balloony!

(Perry beeps his watch and his platy-car arrives, and he flips into it.)

Doofenshmirtz: Seriously? You had this the whole time? Why were we taking the bus?

(Trailer shot #9 comes back in to remind him.)

Doofenshmirtz: (gets in the car) Oh, that's right. The trailer thing. Save Balloony!

(The car jets up to Mitch's ship. Cut to the streets of Danville. The alien tourists beam in.)

Alien 4: Woohoo! Stabby Barf Pain makes me wanna par-tay!

(The aliens go wild.)

Baby alien: It's pillaging weather, baby!

Dink Winkerson: Dink Winkerson here as alien tourists trash Danville.

(More aliens beam in and wreck the town.)

Alien 5: I love prepaid vacations!

Isabella: They're trashing everything!

Phineas: We've gotta find a way to wrangle these alien visitors. Buford!

(Zoom out to reveal Buford lifting a mailbox.)

Buford: What? It's pillaging weather.



(Cut back to Mitch's ship. Meap's ship goes inside it and parks in the visitor parking lot. Candace and Meap emerge from the ship.)

Meap: Just remember, we've got to get to Mitch before the Alliance.

Candace: (taking the remote) Uh-uh! Remember, it's the other button.

(Candace locks the car. Candace and Meap sneak behind a door and Candace gets caught by a Hench-Robot.)

Hench-Robot: Intruder. Identify yourself.

Candace: Right, come on, come on. You gotta see what the other bots are doing! C'mon! Hurry!

(Meap whacks the robot.)

Meap: Nice work, Candace!

Candace: Oh, that's Busting 101, I got this.

(They are surrounded.)

Candace: Or maybe I don't.

(Candace and Meap get cuffed and sent to Mitch.)

Mitch: Look who's here, Colin. My old nemesis, Meap. (to Candace) And, uh, what are you?

Candace: I'm the girl who brought you down twice already.

Mitch: Me? But I'm just a totally innocent and legitimate business owner who has already paid his debt to society.

Meap: "Totally innocent and legitimate business owner who's already paid his debt to society" my fuzzy white butt.

Candace: You don't fool us! You're just here 'cause you know the treasure of Zachariah Yore's on this planet.

(Meap looks worried and covers Candace's mouth.)

Mitch: The treasure is on the same planet as Colin and Stabby Barf Pain? What are the odds?

Candace: Well, you're never gonna get to St. Louis before—

(Meap covers her mouth again.)

Meap: Shh!

Candace: I'll stop talking now.

Mitch: (chuckles) Set a course for St. Louis!

(Mitch's ship departs. Cut to Doof and Perry.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, Perry the Platypus, I've got an idea.

(Cut to two robots resembling Doof and Perry.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, first thing's first, we gotta take down these robots that look like us.

(Perry and Doof do so.)

Doofenshmirtz: I mean, they look just like us. That's weird, right? Come on, let's go save Balloony.



(Cut back to Stabby Barf Pain. A couple of aliens stick bananas in a car's tailpipe. The aliens' havoc is interrupted by an electric guitar. Cut to Phineas on stage.)

(Song: Do the Tidy Up)

Phineas: Hello, alien tourists!  Put down that city property and make your way to the dance floor!



Phineas and Isabella: ♪ You've been partying hard ♪

♪ On the ultimate vacation, ♪

♪ But there's a new craze ♪

♪ That's been sweeping the nation. ♪

Phineas: ♪ You think you're bad enough ♪

♪ If you want to take a chance, ♪

♪ Then get ready for this brand-new dance. ♪



Phineas and Isabella: ♪ Everybody just sweep to the left, ♪

♪ Sweep, sweep to the right. ♪

Phineas: ♪ Actually pick up a broom ♪

♪ And just sweep it out of sight. ♪

♪ Pick up that clutter, ♪

♪ Clear out that gutter ♪

♪ Do the laundry and the dishes ♪

♪ Or I'm gonna tell your mother. ♪

Phineas, Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Mop, wipe, wash and scrub... ♪

Phineas: ♪ Do the tidy up! ♪

Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Do the tidy up, ♪

♪ Do, do the tidy up! ♪

Ferb: ♪ Do the tidy up! ♪

Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Do the tidy up, ♪

♪ Do, do the tidy up! ♪



Phineas: ♪ Pick up a vacuum, ♪

♪ Pick up a brush, ♪

♪ When you go to the bathroom... ♪

The gang: ♪ Please remember to flush! ♪

Isabella: ♪ Bathe your iguana, ♪

♪ Hose down your best friend, ♪

♪ You've gotta sparkle if you wanna ♪

♪ Do this hot new trend. ♪



The gang: ♪ Mop, wipe, brush and scrub! ♪

Phineas: ♪ Do the tidy up! ♪

Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Do the tidy up, ♪

♪ Do, do the tidy up! ♪

Ferb: ♪ Do the tidy up! ♪

Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Do the tidy up, ♪

♪ Do, do the tidy up! ♪

Ferb: ♪ Do the tidy up! ♪

Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Do the tidy up, ♪

♪ Do, do the tidy up! ♪

Ferb: ♪ Do the tidy up! ♪

Isabella and Baljeet: ♪ Do the tidy up, ♪

♪ Do, do the tidy up! ♪



Baljeet: Cleaning is fun!

Buford: Okay, now you ruined it!



(Cut back to Mitch's ship.)

Mitch: So where could that treasure be? (gasps) That's it!

(Cut to the ship approaching the Gateway Arch.)

Mitch: Once I get that treasure, I'll use the money to create my own army to destroy the Alliance! Or maybe Earth, first. I don't know the exact order, but there's going to be a lot of destroying. Ready the winch!

(The ship hovers over the Gateway Arch and a winch resembling a robotic red hand descends from it and grabs the Arch.)

Mitch: Pull!

(The ship pulls up the Arch dragging it off the ground and many people run in fear except for one girl eating ice cream. Underneath the arch is a giant gold briefcase labeled "Lost Treasure of Zachariah Yore".)

Mitch: The lost treasure case... Well, it's more a valise, but I found—Maybe it's more of a briefca—But it belongs to me!



(Cut to outer space. Several Alliance ships make their way toward Earth. Cut back to Mitch's ship. An alarm blares. Cut to outside. The Alliance ships surround Mitch's ship.)

Alliance Commander: This is the Outer Worlds Commando Alliance.

Candace: Wow, good timing! Guess I leaked the St. Louis info at just the right time.

Mitch: What on Earth are you talking about?

Candace: You are so busted!

Alliance Commander: Hang on, hang on, Mitch, have we literally caught you red handed stealin' the lost treasure of Yore, exactly as Meap warned us you were?

Mitch: Well, when you say it like that...

Candace: You fell for the oldest trick in the book.

Mitch: Well, well, well, you—Colin, cover my escape!

(Mitch presses a red button on the ship's console.)

Ship's computer: Warning: self-destruct activated.

(Meap kicks away some robots and uncuffs himself.)

Meap: Come on, Candace! He's getting away!

Candace: How did you... I'm still... Whah!

(Candace follows Meap. As soon as she exits, a robot trips in and its head explodes. Perry enters, followed by Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Balloony, I came to rescue you!

Ship's computer: Warning: in case you forgot, self-destruct is still activated.

Doofenshmirtz: Uh, Perry the Platypus, this ship is gonna expl— (notices Perry fighting robots) Oh, oh, never mind. I'm on it. I'm on it. Oh, I guess I just have to press this blue button. Uh, Balloony, what are you...

(Ballony floats up and two robots crash into each other.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I know that's just the air currents pushing you around, but that's still special! Aaah!

(Several robots push Doof away from the console.)

Ship's computer: Warning: Self-destruct activated. It's still progressing. One step closer.

Doofenshmirtz: Gotta get to that button!

Ship's computer: It's a go, people. You should consider leaving. I'm surprised you're still here.

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? Balloony! Okay, clown-bots, let's try fighting to save my friends maniacally!

(Doof makes some crazy sounds and fights off all the robots. The robots run away from the crazy person.)

Ship's computer: Self-destruct in 3... 2... 1...

(Doof runs up to the console and pushes the blue button. The self-destruct sequence is terminated.)

Doofenshmirtz: I guess in retrospect, I should've pressed that first.



(Cut to the parking lot. Mitch approaches Meap's ride from outer space.)

Mitch: I hope he won't mind me borrowing his silly little toy ship.

(Meap pushes Mitch to the ground and they duke it out. It ends with Meap on the ground and Mitch raising his arms about to FINISH HIM!!!!!)

Mitch: Ha ha ha ha!

Candace: Get away from him, you Mitch!

(The theme from Candace Against the Universe plays as Mitch turns to Candace.)

Mitch: Oh, hilarious. I truly expected to turn and see you pointing some huge atomic neuralizer at me or something, but you've got nothing.

Candace: Not nothing. I have the key fob to that ship so you can't escape.

Mitch: I'll take that.

Meap: No, Candace! If he hits that red turbo button, he'll be going so fast we'll never be able to catch him!

Mitch: See ya! Wouldn't wanna be ya!

(Mitch gets in the ship and flies away.)

Mitch: Ha ha ha ha ha!

(Mitch pushes the button and the ship self-destructs sending Mitch plummeting into the Alliance's robotic grip.)

Candace: Well, that worked. "Red turbo button."

Meap: I learned from the best. Shall we say it together?

Meap and Candace: Busted!

Candace: And with my hands actually tied behind my back!



(Cut to Doof, Perry and Balloony. Perry's car crashes into the ship.)

Doofenshmirtz: Come on, Balloony. This is us. I'm just so glad to have you back. But watch yourself, Perry the Platypus! I got maniacal fighting skills now! You saw!

(The car departs the ship.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, we're in St. Louis? When did that happen?!



(Cut to the Alliance's ship.)

Alliance Commander: Listen, listen, I don't think nobody noticed, just put it back.

(Mitch's ship puts the Gateway Arch back into the ground. Meap climbs off the winch and drops onto the Arch.)

Meap: Meap.

TRAILER SHOT #10



(Cut to Danville. The aliens are still literally cleaning up this town.)

Aliens: (wearily) ♪ Do the tidy up, do, do the tidy up... ♪

Alien 4: You know what? It's not as much fun anymore. It just feels like work.

(Pan right to the Alliance Commander speaking to Meap, Candace, Phineas and the gang.)

Alliance Commander: (giving Meap a medal) You're a true hero and I should've had faith in you. Although, actual evidence really helped.

Meap: Thanks, but the real hero here is Candace Flynn. It was her plan to bust Big Mitch that saved that day.

Alliance Commander: (giving a medal to Candace) Then I officially make Candace Flynn an unofficial agent of the Alliance.

Candace: (salutes) Thank you, Chief.

Alliance Commander: So what time you coming home tonight, baby?

Meap: Oh, I dunno, honey. Six... sevenish?

Alliance Commander: (going back to her ship) Okay, cool. Remember that my mama is coming for dinner tonight.

Phineas: Oh, so that's your wife.

Meap: Yeah, no one ruthlessly hunts you across the galaxy like my Brenda.

Alliance Commander: Hey, you know, we didn't get to enjoy this fifth season, so would you mind if we borrowed your Stabby Barf Pain generator?

Phineas: Not at all! It's all yours!

(The ship takes the generator.)

Candace: Oh, oh. And I was just about to call Mom on that.

Meap: Thank you, kids, and especially you, Candace.

Candace: Maybe some good has come out of my busting obsession.

Meap: I don't think it's really a busting obsession. It's a justice obsession, and the day that you realize that, well, that just might be the day all your dreams start coming true.

(Candace hugs Meap.)

Buford: Nah, it's definitely a busting obsession.

(A bus drives past them.)



(Cut to Doof on the bus.)

Doofenshmirtz: So we're not doing a trailer for the next one?

Narrator: And now, a trailer for another episode we do not intend to make!

(Cut to the shot of Suzy fighting Meap.)

TRAILER SHOT #11

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wasn't that Suzy stuff supposed to be in this one?

TRAILER SHOT #12

(A flashing sign descends from put of nowhere saying "ALL TRAILER SCENES USED!! -ISH". Everyone on the bus cheers and confetti rains down, except for Doof and Perry.)

Doofenshmirtz: All right, all right. I guess that's a victory.

♪ It's Stabby Barf Pain (Stabby Stabby Stabby Barf Pain), ♪

♪ La la la do do wa wa wa ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain ♪

♪ Mi ma ma foo foo ya ya ya ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain, ♪

♪ Shoop shooby wop wop na na na ♪

♪ Stabby Barf Pain ♪

♪ Socka wa wa ginza ya ya ya ya ya ♪

