(Scene opens on Phineas and Ferb under the tree. Baljeet and Buford run in out of breath.)

Baljeet: Prepare yourselves for emotional devastation!

Phineas: Whoa, whoa, guys, what's goin' on?

Buford: (pants) It's... I can't tell 'em! You tell 'em, Baljeet!

Baljeet: Due to unresolved contract negotiations, Stumbleberry Finkbat has been cancelled!

Phineas: "Cancelled"? "Contract negotiations"? "Stumbleberry Finkbat"?! "DUE TO"?!?!

(Isabella enters.)

Isabella: Whatcha doin'?

Buford: What we're doin' is never gettin' the ending of Stumbleberry Finkbat! That's what we're doin'!

Phineas: (takes out a poster) They're cancelling the show, right before the final episode!

Buford: How long you been carryin' around that poster?

Phineas: Since season two.

Isabella: Well, when my favorite series, The Goblin's Filibuster, ended, I made an undisclosed amount of fan-fiction to hold me over.

Baljeet: Define "undisclosed amount".

Isabella: Undisclosed, Baljeet! That means I don't disclose it!

Buford: We're never gonna know how the story finishes!

Phineas: Unless we live it ourselves! Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today!

The gang: Dungeon crawl!

(Pan up to Candace's bedroom window.)

Candace: (on phone) Stacy, the boys are doing that thing that they always do.

Stacy: (over phone) Using their imaginations?

Candace: No! Building big, dangerous, bustable things with their imaginations! And also power tools. They even put up flyers. How'd they even get in here? Gotta go! I'll keep ya appraised.



(Cut to Stacy's house.)

Stacy: If you have to... Oh. (Zoom out to reveal Stacy's living room covered in flyers.) They do work fast.



(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil, Inc.)

♪ Doofenshmirtz trying to find love again! ♪

(Cut to inside. Doof is looking at his phone while Vanessa looks over his shoulder.)

Doofenshmirtz: Why is dating so difficult? I'm not finding any matches, even with my Swipe-inator going full— Oh, what! Oh, wait! I just got a match!

Vanessa: Dad, this is a bot. Her name is literally "Robotina".

(Norm enters.)

Norm: Hubba hubba!

Doofenshmirtz: Get your own profile, Norm!

Vanessa: Now, what if, hear me out, you tried meeting someone in the real world?

Doofenshmirtz: Yes, something real, like in reality, like a reality dating show! That's a great idea!

Vannessa: Um, n-no, not exactly what I was talking ab—

Doofenshmirtz: Ooh, ooh, they're casting for Passion Villa! Wish me luck!

(He leaves.)

Vanessa: This is really not a good ide— (sighs)



(Cut to the backyard. Phineas and the gang are in full Stumbleberry Finkbat cosplay, and standing in front of a giant structure shaped like a dodecahedron die.)

Phineas: Welcome, fellow LARPers! May I present the Stumbleberry Finkbat Dodecahedron Dungeon Crawl!

(Everyone cheers.)

Isabella: We'll traverse puzzles and traps, creating our own end to the story.

Buford: Oh, sweet, sweet closure. Maybe we'll even find the last shard, or face the Puzzle Master, or discover the identity of the man in really dark grey!

(The doors open.)

Candace: Hold on, I'm coming with you!

Phineas: You wanna LARP with us, Candace?

Candace: Ew, no. But if I'm gonna bust you for this, then I can't let you out of my sight until Mom gets home.

Phineas: Okay.



(Cut to inside the dodecahedron, which is bigger on the inside.)

(Song: Dungeon Crawl)

Baljeet: ♪ Oh gather 'round, friends, ♪

♪ 'Cause the road here bends ♪

♪ So we mustn't be too foolhardy ♪

♪ You know Stumbleberry Finkbat ♪

♪ Always used to think that ♪

♪ The best kind of party's an adventuring party ♪



Phineas: ♪ There's no one here to finish this tale ♪

♪ Except for us ♪

All: ♪ Except for us! ♪

Phineas: ♪ We can write the cool conclusion ♪

♪ That has been so cruelly kept from us ♪



Baljeet: ♪ Wow, that scimitar is sharp! ♪

Buford: ♪ Are you playin' the harp? ♪

Baljeet: ♪ It's a lyre. ♪

Buford: ♪ What'd you call me? ♪

Isabella: ♪ Let's live, laugh, LARP. ♪



Phineas: ♪ We're gonna pool our skills ♪

All: ♪ Pool our skills! ♪

Phineas: ♪ We're gonna give it our all! ♪

All: ♪ Give it our all! ♪

Phineas: ♪ We're not gonna speed run ♪

♪ This dodecahedron ♪

♪ We'll take our time ♪

All: ♪ It's a dungeon crawl! ♪



♪ It's a dungeon crawl ♪



Isabella: ♪ It's not an ambigram ♪

♪ It's an anagram ♪

Baljeet: ♪ I do not see any of this on my map ♪

Buford: ♪ Is that one of the shards? ♪

Baljeet: ♪ I expected more guards. ♪

Phineas: ♪ Wait, don't step there! ♪

♪ Yep, that's a trap. ♪



All: ♪ We may be tired... ♪

Baljeet: ♪ My ankle's sprained. ♪

All: ♪ ...But we're filled with determination ♪

♪ 'Cause the real big bad of this campaign ♪

♪ Is contract negotiations! ♪

Phineas: ♪ Yes, contract negotiations broke down ♪

♪ So we may never see the end of that story ♪

Baljeet: ♪ But we'll do our best ♪

Isabella: ♪ To complete this quest ♪

Buford: ♪ Now we can share in all the glory! ♪



Baljeet: ♪ We will be dexterous and wise ♪

All: ♪ Dexterous and wise! ♪

Buford: ♪ Sometimes we'll brawl! ♪

Baljeet: ♪ Must we brawl? ♪

Phineas: ♪ We're not gonna speed run ♪

♪ This dodecahedron ♪

All: ♪ We'll take our time ♪

♪ It's a dungeon crawl! ♪

Buford: (screams as he falls into a trap door)

(Splash!)

Baljeet: I guess finding Buford could be a side quest.



(Cut to footage from Passion Villa.)

Dating Show Host: The water is wet, the sun is hot. That means love is in the air at Passion Villa! Let's meet our steamy contestants.

(Cut to the confessionals.)

Thad: (Foot Model/Professional Trainer) My name's Thad. I like shiny things.

Theo: (#Influencer) 'Sup? I'm Theo. I brush my own hair.

(Beat.)

Evan: ("Evan") Evan.

(Cut to Doof scratching his ear.)

Doofenshmirtz: (hesitates) Ih... Is somebody gonna say, "Action", or...? Oh. Oh! We're already rolling, okay! ("Maybe a Pharmacist"?) I'm Heinz Doofen—

(smash cut to the title screen)

♪ Passion Villa ♪



(Cut to the dungeon.)

Phineas: I think I heard Buford this way.

(The gang goes down a long spiral staircase.)

Buford: (echoing) I'm over here!

Isabella: Hmm, a four-pronged fork in the road. How do we know which way to go?

Buford: (echoing) This way! Come this way!

Phineas: His voice is coming through all four tunnels. Three of them must be traps. (laughs) Cool.

Candace: Ugh! Let's just go this way.

(They walk ahead, but then the ground rumbles, revealing hot lava underneath. The LARPers run away from the crumbling ground.)

Phineas: Oh, that was close!

Baljeet: If we can triangulate Buford's specific vocal frequency, we can...

Buford: (echoing) Nerd alert!

Baljeet: (sighs) He is that way.

(The gang run ahead, trampling Baljeet in the process.)



(Cut back to:)

♪ Passion Villa ♪

Thad: I'm just, like, excited to find someone who I understand. Literally. You know. Small words?

Susanne: I want someone so full of themselves, there's barely room for me.

(Cut to Evan. Another long pause.)

Evan: Evan.

Doofenshmirtz: I want someone to help take over the Tri-State Area and make me their "guy-state area". Yeah? See what I did there?

(Pull out to Vanessa and Norm watching.)

Vanessa: (puts her head in her hands) I can't look.

Norm: I can't look away!



(Cut back to the dungeon.)

Phineas: So we free Buford, find the lost shard, and live out the final episode.

Candace: And then I bust you for the nerdiest thing ever.

(Cut to the Man in Really Dark Grey watching the gang. He makes a dramatic exit. Cut to another area of the dungeon.)

Phineas: There he is!

(Zoom in on Buford locked in a cage.)

Buford: Ah, my friends!

Phineas: We gotta be careful. Candace, wait!

(Candace walks ahead, and somehow evades all the booby-traps the floor activates.)

Candace: Ugh, I'm getting outta here. Ridiculous dungeon crawl. Dumb arrows. Stupid traps. Buncha nerdy stuff. Shards and whatever, blah, blah, blah. "Stumbleberry Finkbat". Can't wait to bust all you guys!

(She frees Buford from his cage.)

Candace: (to the gang) Whatta you waiting for?

Phineas: Whoa, Candace, you're a natural at this!

Buford: You were born to LARP!

Candace: Ew. No.

Isabella: C'mon, let's find that last shard and finish the story!



(Cut to Passion Island.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ugh. Everybody's already coupled up. Even this guy.

(Pan down to reveal Evan holding a mirror admiring his reflection.)

Evan: Evan.

Doofenshmirtz: I need to shake things up. (pulls out an inator) With my Shake-It-Up-inator!

(He activates the inator and aims it at Thad, who shakes around, accidentally pushing his girlfriend into the pool.)

Thad: Sorry!

Thad's girlfriend: Ugh. I can't be with a man who apologizes.

Doofenshmirtz: Uh, uh, well, I wanted it to shake up the social dynamic, but making them literally shake also works.

(Doof fires the inator at the other male contestants.)



(Cut to Monogram watching the show at the OWCA headquarters.)

♪ Passion Villa ♪

Major Monogram: Agent P, you watching this?

(Zoom out to Agent P's lair.)

Major Monogram: I'm Team Evan and Doof is ruining this! Go, stop him!

(Agent P salutes and leaves on his jetpack.)



(Cut back to the villa as Doof keeps firing his inator.)

Doofenshmirtz: All right! By shaking up the other contestants, I will look grounded and stable by comparison!

Dating Show Host: Time to throw in a new player!

(Cut to the new player, who is none other than Perry... "the Platypus". The other girls gather around him.)

Susanne: (purrs) Who's this?

Thad's girlfriend: I heard he's semiaquatic.

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? I didn't know you were looking for love. Hmm. I guess we're more alike than I thought.

(Doof fires the inators at the girls, causing them to shake and leave. Perry fights Doof. He fires the inator at a coconut tree Perry clings to. Perry spins the coconuts at Doof. Doof fires his inator willy-nilly, hitting more trees on the island.)



(Cut to the dungeon.)

Isabella: (gasps) Look! The last shard of Darkling Dungeon! That's what we need to complete the quest in the story!

Buford: The juiciest treasures usually have the beefiest defense!

(The dungeon rumbles, as the door in front of them forms into a robotic knight.)

Baljeet: Ahhh! Enigmata Obscura! It is the Puzzle Knight!

(Flames emerges from the Knight's helmet as he goes into a fighting stance and jumps over them. Buford screams. The Puzzle Knight traps those who aren't the main gang, including Albert and Irving, in a puzzle box, and leaves them dangling from the ceiling.)

Ferb: Enigmata Obscura, prepare to meet your doom.

(Ferb takes out some magic sand and blows it onto the Puzzle Knight. He sneezes and falls over.)

Phineas: Wow, so cool!

(The Enigmata Obscura emerges from the puzzle pieces and causes the dungeon to glow, making several robot knights to appear.)

Phineas: Wow, we built these animatronics, and I still don't know what they're doing!

(The robot knights fight the gang.)

Baljeet: (screams)

Buford: How do we defeat this thing?!

Candace: (scoffs) This is insane! We're getting outta here, and I'm busting you guys!

(Candace walks onto a piece of the floor, magnetizing the wall and trapping one of the robots.)

Phineas: Candace, you've figured it out! The switches are magnetized! Everyone, quick, jump on a switch!

(The gang steps on different switches. But the Enigmata Obscura emerges from the rubble.)

Baljeet: We cannot get off our switches to help! She is doomed!

(Candace gasps as the Enigmata Obscura raises its fist to swipe at her. But she is saved by a mysterious figure. She screams, and then gasps.)

Phineas: It's the Man in Really Dark Grey!

(The Man in Really Dark Grey rope swings Candace to safety.)

Candace: He saved me!

(The Man in Really Dark Grey battles the Enigmata Obscura as the crowd cheers. He grabs the last shard and puts it into the Robot Knight's helmet, causing him to deactivate and the robots to stop, and freeing the others. Everyone cheers.)

Buford: Yeah, we did it!

(The Man in Really Dark Grey then takes off his hood and mask to reveal he is...)

Phineas: Jeremy?! No way!

Baljeet: Oh, Jeremy!

Isabella: I did not see that coming!

Buford: Welcome, hot dog man!

Candace: (excitedly) Jeremy?! That was you?!

Jeremy: Yeah. My room was covered in flyers, so I came over. I like LARPing. I get it if you think it's lame.

Candace: Could be the adrenaline speaking, but that was so fun!

Buford: This is it! This is how Stumbleberry Finkbat ends! The Man in Really Dark Grey swings in to rescue the Freakishly Long-Necked Princess!

Candace: "Freakishly", really?

Buford: And then uses the last shard of Darkling Tower to defeat the Puzzle Knight!

Candace: But nonetheless, I will still be busting you boys.

Phineas: Okay, Candace. I'm just glad we got our ending to Stumbleberry Finkbat.

Buford: Closure!



(Cut back to Passion Villa. Cut to the bar as Doof keeps firing his inator.)

Doofenshmirtz: It's no use, Perry the Platypus! I am in this to win this!

(Perry takes a plate and uses it as a shield as the inator ray deflects back onto Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Why not? So long, freaks!

Dating Show Host: A contestant leaving in the middle of the competition? That's gotta shake things up. Or maybe, it'll have... no effect whatsoever.

(As Doof continues shaking, he drops the inator, causing it to fire. The beam once again hits a satellite.)



(Cut to the backyard as the gang exits the dungeon.)

Candace: Mom!

(The inator ray hits the Dodecahedron as it shakes out of the backyard. Candace approaches her Mom exiting the car.)

Candace: Mom! Traps! Obscure enigmas! Look!

(She points to the backyard to find... just the gang still in Stumbleberry Finkbat cosplay.)

Buford: I got antlers!

Candace: But, but, but...



(Cut to a restaurant. Norm is seated at a table waiting for his date.)

Robotina: Oh, hi. You must be Norm. I'm Robotina. (She takes off her head to reveal...) I like to LARP as a robot. And it looks like you do, too!

Norm: I've been humanfished!

♪ You got one in the garbage can ♪

♪ And twelve on the floor (Check!) ♪

♪ Between here in the hallway ♪

♪ We got twenty-seven more (Check!) ♪



♪ One in the mushroom ♪

♪ And one in the hose (Check!) ♪

♪ If you want some in the bathroom ♪

♪ We got plenty of those (Check!) ♪



♪ One in the printer ♪

♪ That is pretty high-tech (Check!) ♪

♪ Two behind the paintings ♪

♪ That you'd never expect (Check!) ♪

♪ One in the rathole ♪

♪ Under the deck ♪

♪ It's our lair entrance system check ♪

♪ It's our lair entrance system check, come on! ♪

