(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to the backyard as the gang are building something.)
Phineas: A little bit more to the left. To the left of the pickles. Perfect!
Isabella: Hey, Phineas! Whatcha do—Whoa! That's a lotta deli!
(Pull out to reveal what resembles a giant sandwich.)
Phineas: It's more than that! It's an actual submarine sandwich submarine. I can't believe we hadn't thought of it sooner.
Buford: Oh, sure. Ya like this bread-related activity, but not mine!
Baljeet: Are you still going on about that Bread Bowl Hot Tub?
Buford: It's a looooong summer, and I am a patient man.

(Cut to a grocery store. Mom is shopping and talking on the phone.)
Linda: So I hope the sandcastle-building queen is ready to defend her crown today!
(Cut to Candace's bedroom, a photo of Candace holding up a trophy next to a sagging sandcastle is on her mirror, next to the actual trophy. Pull out to see Candace spying through her binoculars out her window also talking on her phone.)
Candace: Yeah, yeah, building castles made of sand. I know it's today, Mom, but I've got bigger fish to fry. The boys are building the biggest and stupidest thing in Phineas and Ferb history. Wait till you see this ridiculous overly literal monstrosity!
Linda: Candace, hey, hey! Don't let your thing with your brothers distract you! Not today! Your unlimited sandcastle potential is at stake!
Candace: But but but but...
Linda: Well, I'm heading to the beach now with my famous sub sandwiches. I'll see ya there, winner!
(Candace hangs up.)
Candace: Oh, yea, you'll see me. And you'll also see what the boys are making!
(She giggles, which builds to maniacal cackling, as dramatic thunder appears out her window, confusing her.)

(Cut to outside, where it is still sunny.)
Phineas: And this is what the sandwich would look like in a storm.
(Zoom out to reveal the submarine now in front of a backdrop showing the thunderstorm.)
The gang: Oooh...
Phineas: But today, we're gonna plant our flag in the deepest part of the ocean.
(Baljeet walks in wearing a deep sea diver's helmet.)
Baljeet: The Mariana Trench! (falls over)
Buford: Mariana Trench? Then we're gonna need trench coats, right?
Isabella: (happily) Sounds exciting! (concerned) And dangerous!
Buford: Oh, here we go! Li'l Miss Safety Patch strikes again!
Isabella: Uh-uh-uh! (She unfurls her Fireside Girls sash.) Some would say I got most of these Safety Patches from pullin' your biscuits out of the fire.
Buford: I like my biscuits hot.
(Isabella rolls back her sash.)
Isabella: Anyway, we're gonna need high-pressure hull insulation, RADAR, SONAR, and a periscope.
Phineas: Absolutely! Speaking of high-pressure hull insulation, where's Perry?
Ferb: Intriguing segue.

(Cut to Perry walking in the flora. He puts on his fedora, kicks one of the mushrooms and goes down a platform into his lair.)
♪ Doo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Doooooo bee doo bee doo bah ♪
♪ Dooooooo... ♪
Major Monogram: Morning, Agent P, I—
(Cut to the screen to reveal Monogram is somehow now a sock puppet.)
Major Monogram: Wait, what? Why am I a sock puppet?
Carl: (offscreen) It's a filter, sir.
Major Monogram: Well, turn it off! I hate it.
Carl: (offscreen) I dunno what button you hit.
Major Monogram: Why would this even be an option?
(Carl comes into the frame also looking like a sock puppet.)
Carl: It was part of the bundle.
Major Monogram: Okay, it's funny when it's you. Heh heh. I'm just gonna roll with it. (He holds up a plate with a sandwich with a bite out of it.) Agent P, Doofenshmirtz has been stealing people's food right off their plates. It's rude even for him. Clearly, his mom didn't teach him... (He throws the plate offscreen, it crashes and the traditional cat screech is heard.) ...a lot of things, which is why we all have a job. So get to it, Agent P.
Carl: Eh, hold on, sir, I think I found the button.
(He presses a button turning Carl into Klimpaloon and Monogram into the Giant Floating Baby Head.)
Carl: Whoops!
(He presses several buttons turning himself and Monogram into dogs, ice cream, their human forms with funny hats, and finally, a hot dog and a burger.)
Major Monogram: (sighs) You're such a weenie, Carl.
(Agent P exits.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry jetpacks in through the window into Doof's lab to find it full of food.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Pericles the Platypus! I-I dunno what "Perry" is short for, so I'm just trying stuff out. 'Til you tell me any different, Pericles the Platypus, that-that's your name. In the meantime...
(Doof pushes a button on his kitchen countertop, and Perry gets trapped on a bucket of crabs, which snap on his arms and legs. One of the claws stuffs a lemon in Perry's bill.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's the surf n' turf n' pus special. Y'see, you're the turf, and the lobster's the surf and... I guess you're also the surf, 'cause you're... you're semiaquatic and... Oh, never mind. Y'see, I'm stuck here waiting for my oven repairman who gave me a ridiculous window. And not this ridiculous window of me kicking an orange. Long story, don't even ask. I'm talking about a ridiculous window of time. From 5:00 a.m. this morning until a week from Tuesday. I've gotta wait around. I'm stuck here and I can't go out to get any food, so I invented... the Fork-It-Over-inator! I type in the kind of food I want here, which sends a message to a decommissioned Cold War spy satellite, which then bounces the signal right back here. An unnecessary step, I am still very proud of. That signal fires off this surprisingly expensive fork harpoon into said food wherever the inator finds it, and reels said food right back here to me. If the world can't be my oyster, then the Tri-State Area will be my buffet! Everyone's food will be my food! I am so lazy!
(He types into the keypad and fires off the inator, which latches onto a plastic burger from a fast food mascot on a roof. The inator reels back in, sending Doof flying backwards and hitting the wall on his balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow!
(He lands onto the floor.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh, turns out that wasn't actual food. But you get the idea, Periodontal the Platypus.
(Perry just gives him a look.)
Doofenshmirtz: Blink twice if I'm getting warmer.

(Cut back to the backyard. Phineas and Ferb are demonstrating using a regular submarine sandwich and a water tank.)
Phineas: Our sub should carry us deeper than anyone has ever been before. In meat.
Baljeet: And a little extra yeast in the baguette will increase our overall maneuverability.
Buford: And what's the science behind this?
Baljeet: Please save your questions till the end.
Buford: Is it the end?
Baljeet: No! And that is also a question.

(Song: Submarine Sandwich Submarine)
Oven Repairman: ♪ Let's build a sub with meat and cheese ♪
♪ To dive beneath the open seas ♪
♪ A mayo and a mustard squeeze ♪
♪ Classic deli style ♪
♪ (Hey!) ♪

♪ Toasted bread with sesame seeds ♪
♪ Tomato, ham, and pepperoncinis ♪
♪ But can you hold the onions, please? ♪
♪ We'll be at sea awhile ♪

♪ It's our underwater luncheon meat machine ♪
♪ Made with salted savory pressurized cuisine ♪
♪ We're traveling to depths you've never seen ♪
♪ In a submarine sandwich submarine, ♪
♪ Sandwich submarine! ♪

♪ Bum, bum, ba-dum-bum-bum ♪
♪ Ba-rum-bum-bum, ba-rum-bum-bum ♪
♪ Bum, bum, ba-dum-bum-bum ♪
♪ Sandwich submarine! ♪

Candace: Who are you?
Oven Repairman: I'm an oven repair guy, but I've got time to kill. Nowhere to be until a week from Tuesday.
Candace: (dials phone) Mom, Phineas and Ferb and some... oven repairman apparently are building a—
(Cut to Mom on the beach.)
Linda: Honey, where are you? The sandcastle competition started.
(Cut back to Candace.)
Candace: Something, uh, big came up, and, uh...
(Cut back to Mom.)
Linda: Please, honey, don't tell me this is about the boys. Is this about the boys?
Candace: You just told me not to tell you.
Linda: Can you hear how disappointed my face looks?
Candace: It's okay, Mom, we'll be there soon, the helicopter's coming!
Linda: Wait, what?
(Hangs up)

(Cut to Candace climbing onto the sub.)
Candace: (mockingly sweet) Who, me? Oh, I'm just an innocent stowaway. Hee-hee-hee-hee!
(She opens the olive and climbs into the sub.)
Phineas: Alright, everybody, hop in!
(The gang heads into the sub as the chopper lifts the sub.)

(Cut back to Perry, who frees himself from his trap and throws one of the lobsters at Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah! Eat that, Periwinkle the Platypus!
(Perry jumps to the cupboard and starts throwing plates at Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Hey! No, no! Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait! Timeout!
(Perry stops throwing.)
Doofenshmirtz: Timeout, that's my good china. (He gives some white plates to Perry.) Here. This is my bad china. Have at you.

(Cut to the ocean. The chopper drops the sub in, which dives until it drops onto the ocean floor. Cut to inside the sub.)
Phineas: We've done it! We're at the ocean floor!
(Cut to a giant Swiss cheese with a pair of eyes inside two of the holes. It drops to reveal the eyes belonging to...)
Candace: Aha! I got you! Just wait till Mom sees... whatever all this is. (She gets out her phone.)
Phineas: Oh, hey, Candace! Always room for one more! We're about to stick our flag in the deepest part of the ocean.
(Cut to outside. The sub's mechanical arm sticks in the flag. Cut back to Candace.)
Candace: (putting down her phone) Um, is the Mariana Trench supposed to have two gross, bloodshot eyes?
Phineas: No. Why do you ask?
Candace: (pointing out the window) That's why!
Phineas: (gasps)
(Zoom out to reveal the eyeballs belonging to a giant sea monster. Cut back to inside the sub. Buford jumps into Baljeet's arms.)
Buford: (screams like a little girl)
Isabella: We gotta get outta here!
Candace: Move over, Ferb! I've almost got my license!
(Candace pushes a button resembling a tomato that says "Chase Sequence". Cut to outside. The sub maneuvers away, but the sea monster is still in hot pursuit.)

(Cut back to Doof running up to the inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: C'mon, gimme something good! Daddy needs a new pair of shoes, or, y'know, whatever the food equivalent of that is. (to Perry) You get it.
(He fires the inator. It gives him a sack of potatoes. Doof throws the spuds at Perry. Perry whacks at one with his beaver tail, then whacks some more.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah! Ow! Ow! (goes back to the inator) Grrr! Big money, big money, no whammy!
(He fires the inator again.)

(Cut to the park where a mother is scolding her picky son who refuses to eat broccoli.)
Mother: No dessert until your plate is clear.
(The inator grabs the broccoli off the plate.)
Mother: Oh!
Son: Woohoo!

(Cut to a family enjoying their dinner. The inator grabs the entire table.)
Family: Awwww...

(Cut to a rich man about to enjoy a large banquet in front of him. The inator grabs that as well.)
Rich Guy: Luckily I'm wealthy and can afford more. (chuckles) I'm so alone.

(Cut back to Doof and Perry continuing their food fight. A few tables come flying toward them. They run on top of them.)
Doofenshmirtz: Table! Table! Buffet! Ooh, prime rib! Wealthy!

(Cut to the ocean floor. The sea monster is still chasing the sub. Cut to inside, Candace is doing everything she can to evade the monster.)
Phineas: Whoa! Whoa! Ooh!
Isabella: Quick! We've only got one shot or this sub is toast! Hit the dead man's drop maneuver!
Buford: That doesn't sound very safe.
Isabella: It's safer than being eaten by a giant fish monster! (takes the wheel) Move over, Candace! Everybody, hold on!
(Everyone screams as the sea monster continues chasing the sub all over the ocean.)
Baljeet: We may be doomed but these nimble fingers and five years of violin lessons can play us out in style.
(Baljeet plays some sad music on his violin as the chase continues.)
Phineas: It's still gaining on us, and it's eating bits of our sub!
Baljeet: (stops playing) Perhaps in hindsight, we should not have made our submarine out of FOOD!!
(The monster keeps chasing and chomping at the sub.)
Candace: We gotta get outta here!
Phineas: Good thing we have an escape vehicle. It's our substitute submarine sandwich submarine.
Ferb: A sub sub sub, if you will.
Phineas: We just have to open this hatch and we'll be home free.
Baljeet: There is no handle! Why are there bite marks?!
Buford: Nobody packed any snacks.
Candace: We can't get into the escape pod?!
Phineas: We can't get in the escape pod, but maybe we can still use it. Isabella, swing around to starboard!
(Isabella spins the wheel and everyone screams.)
Phineas: Ferb, eject the pod!
Candace: What?! But that's our only way out of—
Phineas:  We just need to distract it. (to Ferb) Jettison the sub!
(Ferb pulls a lever. Cut to outside. The pod, which looks like a smaller submarine sandwich, drops from the sub. The sea monster eats it, gulps, and belches.)
Phineas: It was made of food, too. Everybody to your stations! We're surfacing!

(Cut to the beach. The submarine emerges from the ocean and skids onto the sand nearly avoiding an umbrella. Candace emerges from out of the sub.)
Candace: Mom, Mom, Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
Linda: Where were you, sweetie? We're all waiting for your submission.
Candace: Oho, come with me, Mom! I've got a submission, all right! A sub-mission! You will not believe your eyes!
Linda: Okay. I believe I won't believe my eyes.

(Cut back to Doof's lab. Doof gathers all the food and wraps it in the tablecloth.)
Doofenshmirtz: This was actually productive. This... This food fight is gonna feed me for weeks.
(Doof places all the food in the fridge, while Perry washes his hands.)
Doofenshmirtz: And thank you for washing your hands. Food safety and even-length shoelaces, two things people always take for granted—
(As Doof walks up to the inator, Perry kicks him in the head. The inator fires once again. Perry goes up to a time clock and punches his card.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, has that time clock always been there?

(Cut back to the beach. The fork from the inator falls and hits the submarine sandwich submarine. Cut back to the inator. It begins shaking and Doof is pulled by the inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (screams)
(Doof and the inator fly over the beach. Doof crashes into a Ducky Momo sand sculpture, then a walrus sand sculpture, and a dragon sand sculpture. He bumps into ice coolers and boomboxes and passes by a volleyball net.)
Doofenshmirtz: Nice serve!
(Cut to a sand sculpture resembling a certain 90s glam rock band.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, is that Love Händel? (crash!) Oh, that's gonna burn tomorrow!
(Doof continues to get dragged across the sand until he finally reaches the submarine, which gets covered in sand, just in time for Candace to arrive with Mom.)
Candace: Mom! Mom! Look!
Linda: Oh, look!
Candace: Wait, what? No! It was a real submarine, I swear!
Linda: Oh, I get it, a submarine sandwich submarine sand sculpture! You've got such special skills, sweetie! You've really outdone yourself! I'm so proud of you, and I ran into a sandcastle college recruiter who thinks he can get you a scholarship.
Candace: Ugh!
Judge: Ten out of ten!
(The judges put the blue ribbon on the "sculpture" and applaud. Phineas and the gang hold up Candace in triumph and cheer.)
Candace: But but but... I didn't do this!
(The kids stop and see Perry getting himself a tan and wearing sunglasses.)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry!
Perry: (chatters)

(Cut back to D.E.I. Someone knocks on Doof's door. Cut to reveal it's the oven repairman.)
Oven Repairman: (looking at his watch) And, he missed his window.
(He walks away.)

