(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher backyard. The gang is standing under the tree.)
Phineas: D'you know what day it is today, gang? It's a special one.
Buford: Well, my calendar says it's Bread Bowl Hot Tub da—
Phineas and the gang: Groan.
Buford: (throws calendar away, sarcastically) Oh, okay. Let's focus on what Phineas and Ferb wanna do. We never do that.
Linda: Hey, kids! We're heading to the park for Danville Day. I've got pie!
Lawrence: And the Mayor's giving a grand speech.
Phineas: Okay, we'll meet you there!
Isabella: All right, gang, Danville Day! How can we crank this party up a notch?
Baljeet: (scoffs) Good luck with that. There is already a grand speech.
Phineas: I dunno, there might be a couple notches up to which we can crank it.
(Ferb simulates cranking himself a couple notches.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz finally gets his oven repaired! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: Nothing says "Danville Day" like doonkelberry muffins. Uh, Norm, can you bring me the thing I just printed?
Norm: The recipe or the essay?
Doofenshmirtz: Essay? (takes paper) Oh, Vanessa's applying for college! (sighs) They grow up so fast. (reading) "The Most Positive Role Model in My Life, by Vanessa Doofenshmirtz." Se—See, look, Norm. She wrote about me.
Norm: I'm programmed to show interest.
Doofenshmirtz: All right, here it is. (continues reading) "Charismatic, inventive, beloved, should be leader of the entire Tri-State Area. My dear... Uncle Roger, the Mayor"? Wait. What? Why would she choose my brother over me?
Vanessa: (offscreen) Dad?
Norm: Gasp, sir!
(Norm turns around and Doof hides the essay in his back compartment, as Vanessa enters.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uh, uh, oh, hi, Vanessa. Nothing to see here. Just hangin' out.
Vanessa: Whatever. I'm headed to the park to watch Uncle Roger's speech. You wanna come with?
Doofenshmirtz: Ugh! Roger, Roger, Roger. Okay, fine. I just gotta take care of a few things.
(Doof walks off left and he hear tinkering and machinery offscreen. When he reenters, he has an inexplicable hump on his back under his lab coat, obviously his latest inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ready.

(Steam wipe up to Perry coming out of the shower. He wipes the mist off the mirror, puts cucumbers over his eyes, and holds up a hair dryer. The message "Incoming mission" flashes on the mirror. Perry opens the medicine cabinet, pulls on a bottle activating the bathroom sink to descend to his lair. Both Monogram and Carl gasp at Perry's indecency. Perry removes the cucumbers, and the suds from his head and puts on his fedora.)
Monogram: Agent P, we have intel that Doof is headed to the Danville Day celebration, which Roger is hosting.
Carl: He's giving a grand speech.
Major Monogram: Don't let Doof ruin it.
(Perry raises up his arms and his jetpack descends onto him, which he fires up.)

(Cut to Danville Park. The entrance is decorated with balloons and flags and a "Happy Danville Day" banner. Doof and Vanessa enter the park.)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) Did you just bring me here to remind me how great my brother is?
Vanessa: (sighs) Don't be ridiculous, Dad. Just find us a good spot, yeah? I'll be right back. I smell Slushy Dawg.
(She leaves.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now where's the best view? Grassy knoll? Book depository? Ooh, a jungle gym! I don't know why they call it a "jungle gym". It's not very jungly, but I do love a slide!

(Crossfade to Candace spying on the gang through her binoculars.)
Candace: Whatever they build is gonna disappear. Mysterious Force, why must you be so cruel?
Phineas: Incredible, Ferb! Wait'll Candace gets a load of this!
Candace: Ooh, and get a load of that I shall.

(Cut to the jungle gym. Doof puts yellow caution tape all over it.)
Doofenshmirtz: That should keep those kids away. (climbs up the spiral slide) From up here, I'll have a clear view.
(Enter Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus! Uh, uh, it's not what it looks like. I'm... 
(Perry crosses his arms.)
Doofenshmirtz: Well, I guess it is what it looks like. So, I'm-I'm having some trouble. Little help? (He holds out his hand but then ties Perry up to the spiral slide with the caution tape.) Ha ha! Improvised trap! Anyway, I'm here to teach Vanessa a lesson. Here, look. She thinks Roger is her role model. And aside from the strong jaw and the dazzling smile, what does he got? Just a sparkling personality, that's all. And it got me thinking: What if I made an inator to give Roger my personality? 'Cause my personality doesn't sparkle, not even a little bit. Behold, my Dooflicate-inator! With this, I'll make Roger a cheap imitation of me, therefore, I'll be Vanessa's role model by default! By default, my favorite way to win!
(Pan down to Roger taking the podium. The crowd cheers.)
Roger: Welcome to our Danville Day celebration!
Doofenshmirtz: Prepare to be Dooflicated!
(Doof zaps the inator at Roger, but Roger smiles and the beam bounces off his teeth.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on!
(The inator beam hits Jeremy, who is working the Slushy Dawg stand in the park.)
Doofenshmirtz: His dazzling smile can't be that reflective.
Jeremy: (Drusselstinian accent) Extra onions, extra evil! (laughs maniacally)
Vanessa: (taking the dog) Dunno what Candace sees in that guy. (takes a bite) Mmm.
(Cut back to Doof.)'
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, wait for him to close his mouth... 
Woman: Nice award-winning smile!
Roger: You don't have to remind me. You gave me an award for that!
(The crowd cheers.)
Doofenshmirtz: Now!
(Doof turns on the inator, but Roger lifts up his award, making the beam bounce off it and hit a billboard of Roger, and then bounce off a plane.)

(Cut to the backyard.)
Phineas: Great work, Ferb! These suits will help us build a continuous carnival ride through the whole city! How much fun is that?
(The inator beam falls into the backyard. Suddenly, the entire gang is slouching, doing sinister smiles and have Doof's bushy eyebrows.)
Phineas: (Drusselsteinian accent) And nothing is more fun... than EVIL! But why stop at Danville? I know what we're going to do today! Take over the entire Tri-State Area!
(The gang all perform evil laughs.)
(Song: Quirky Worky Song (ominous version))
(The gang sinisterly put together the machines. Candace walks in.)
Phineas: Ah, Candace the Sister, you're just in time!
Candace: In time for what? Talking weird and hunching over like a praying mantis?
Baljeet: (Drusselsteinian accent) No, for the beholding!
Candace: The bewhating?
Buford: (Drusselsteinian accent) Let me explain through a brief flashback and not-so-brief monologue about my childhood!
Candace: Your childhood? You mean your nowhood. You are a child!
Isabella: (Drusselsteinian accent) Nevertheless, our long-necked nemesis, your thwarting days are numbered!
Phineas: Behold! The fun-inators! Get ready, Danville, for the ride of your life! Y'know, cuz it'll last a lifetime. It's a trap! And with no one to stop us, the Tri-State Area will be ours!
(The rides begin to operate.)
Phineas: Happy Danville Day! Join the fun! Or else!
Candace: Or else? Like, what do you-- What do you mean "or else"? (gets on her bike) And again, what's with the accents?

(Cut to the streets as Phineas and the gang cause all kinds of havoc to a dissonantly happy soundtrack.)
(Song: Fistful of Flowers)
♪ Look around, it is a beautiful day ♪
♪ Come and join us, let's get carried away ♪
♪ We've got no obligations and the city is ours ♪
♪ It's like sunshine, rainbows, and a fistful of flowers ♪
Woman: Uh, why are these restraints so tight?
Buford: It's a trap! Remember to smile for the picture! (evil laugh)
Baljeet: Are you a fan of my... fan? (evil laugh)
Isabella: (cackles)
Man: Make it stop!
Isabella: Why? You're on a... roll! (evil laugh)
Phineas: Doesn't this feel like old times, Ferb? Really takes me back to when I was a boy. To last summer.
Candace: Phineas and Ferb, what are you doing?!
Phineas: Ah, Candace the Sister! How predictable. And by "predictable", of course, I mean, "COMPLETELY DICTABLE!!!!" Do you care to join the fun?
Candace: "Fun"? These people are trapped!
Phineas: Come on, Candace the Sister!
Candace: Stop calling me that!
Phineas: I know you can't contain your excitement, so let me contain it for you!
(Phineas is about to trap Candace in a half-sphere of a giant hamster ball, but Candace dodges it and escapes, causing Phineas and Ferb's mechas to collapse.)
Ferb: (Drusselsteinian accent) Curse you, Candace the Sister!

(Cut back to Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for staying trapped for so long, Perry the Platypus. I... I really needed to vent about Vanessa's essay. This was nice.
(Perry escapes from his trap and kicks Doof in the face, causing the inator to fall from his grip. Perry chases after the inator on the monkey bars. Doof follows him, but Perry grabs Doof's nose. Honk!)
Doofenshmirtz: Ouch!
(The inator falls onto the merry-go-round, followed by Doof. Perry spins it around rapidly. The inator flies off and lands on the slide. Perry slides after it followed by Doof. The inator tumbles onto the see-saw. Perry attempts to each for it. The inator falls off and fires again. Doof grabs it. The inator beam bounces off a trailer and hits Mom and Dad. Candace approaches them.)
Candace: Mom, Mom, Mom, Phineas and Ferb have turned evil!
(Mom and Dad turn toward the camera to reveal their Doofian stances.)
Linda: (Drusselsteinian accent) How wonderful, Candace the Daughter! (laughs evilly) Almond brittle pie?
Candace: (backs away) Oh, no, not you, too! Jeremy! Jeremy, I need your help!
Jeremy: Ah, Candace the Girlfriend! Doonkelberry dawg?
Candace: Oh! Oh, no! It's everywhere!
(Candace runs wildly, accidentally bumping into an old man.)
Old man: Ow! Hey!
(Candace accidentally bumps into Vanessa.)
Vanessa: Whoa, whoa, slow down, girl! Are you okay?
Candace: Oh, Vanessa, you're you! Everyone's talking in weird accents. My brothers are scheming to take over, I think, (imitating Doof) "the entire Tri-State Area" (normal voice) with inators!
Vanessa: Whoa, whoa, whoa, did you just say "inators"?
Candace: Yes.
Vanessa: (sighs) I don't usually like to get involved with this stuff, but if there's an inator, there's a self-destruct button. There's always a self-destruct button. That'll take care of it.
Candace: That easy? Wait, how do you—You know what? No time. Gotta stop 'em.

(Cut back to downtown Danville as Evil Phineas and the gang continue their reign of fun-terror.)
(Song: We're Taking Over)
Singers: ♪ Are you having a good time? ♪
♪ Is this your best day ever? ♪
♪ Don't you fret none, ♪
♪ Cos there's never-ending fun ♪
♪ It's gonna go on forever ♪

♪ We're going out of our way to entertain you ♪
♪ Not sure why we have to restrain you ♪
♪ Why do you look upset? ♪
♪ This is as good as it gets ♪
♪ Are you having fun yet? ♪

♪ Cuz we're taking over! ♪
♪ We don't mean to scare ya ♪
♪ But we're takin' over the Tri-State Area! ♪

Dink Winkerson: (spoken in rhythm) Dink Winkerson here,
Straight out of white collar prison!
I'm the man on the street
Telling you what is and what isn't!

Giant robot takeover,
I think you better run,
Or you may be forced to have
Non-consensual fun!

Singers: ♪ We swear that we're not a threat, ♪
♪ Just get in the net ♪
♪ Are we having fun yet? ♪

♪ Cuz we're taking over! ♪
♪ We're takin' over! ♪
♪ We're takin' over, ♪
♪ We don't mean to scare ya ♪
♪ But we're takin' over the Tri-State Area now! ♪

(Cut back to Perry and Doof. Perry takes the inator from Doof and spins him on the swing set. His watch beeps.)
Major Monogram: (on watch) Agent P, the Tri-State Area has been taken over! Stop Doof immediately and...
(Perry shows Monogram that Doof is already trapped.)
Major Monogram: Oh. You already got him. So it's somebody else? What kind of evil mastermind would... Heh heh. Not our problem. Monogram out.
(The Phineas and Ferb mechas enter the park. Candace follows them.)
Candace: (gasps) There's the self-destruct button! But how'm I gonna...
Phineas: Uh-uh-uh! Not so fast, my nosy little nemesis!
(Candace gets trapped in a giant hamster ball.)
Candace: No! No, I have to stop them! They're destroying the city with... fun!
(Candace steps forward, causing the ball to roll.)
Phineas: First the Tri-State Area, next... the world!
Candace: How can I get up there? (gasps)
(Candace sees the slide and runs toward it in the ball.)
(Cut to Perry putting his jetpack on the swing Doof is trapped on. He activates it causing the swing to swing at full volume.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!
(Doof goes hurling toward the sun. Cut back to Candace rolling up the slide. She slides down and lands on the seesaw.)
Candace: (as if in prayer) Oh, Mysterious Force, if I ever needed you to destroy the boys' inventions, it's now. If you can hear me, please answer my call!
(Doof is heard screaming and lands on the other end of the seesaw, catapulting Candace's ball, which presses the self-destruct button, making the robots explode into glitter and confetti. All the other inventions downtown explode.)
Candace: Mysterious Force, you work in mysterious ways.
Roger: Well, that was fun, right? Happy Danville Day, everyone!
(Cut back to Doof. Vanessa approaches him.)
Vanessa: Dad, you okay?
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, hi, Vanessa. So tell me, how was Roger, your "role model".
Vanessa: Huh?
Doofenshmirtz: You know, your essay, th-the college application? I read the whole thing.
Vanessa: Dad, I only wrote that because namedropping the Mayor would get me in.
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, you mean calling Roger your role model was just part of a diabolical scheme? (wells up in tears and hugs his daughter) That's my little girl!
(Cut to the park entrance. Perry is holding the inator and pushes its self-destruct button, and throws it in the trash as it explodes. Cut to, Mom, Dad, and Jeremy as the inator's effects wear off. Linda spits out her slice of pie.)
Linda: (normal voice) Who puts almond brittle in a pie?
Jeremy: (normal voice) Ew! Who puts doonkelberry on a dawg?
(Cut to Buford, Baljeet, and Isabella, as the inator's effects wear off on them.)
Baljeet: (normal voice) Huh?
(Cut back to Candace as her brothers, now back to normal, emerge from the debris.)
Phineas: (normal voice) Wow, Ferb! What did we do today?
(Ferb shrugs.)

♪ Are you having fun yet? ♪

♪ Cuz we're taking over! ♪
♪ We don't mean to scare ya ♪
♪ But we're takin' over the Tri-State Area! ♪

Dink Winkerson: (spoken in rhythm) Dink Winkerson here,
Straight out of white collar prison!
I'm the man on the street
Telling you what is and what isn't!

Giant robot takeover,
I think you better run,
Or you may be forced to have
Non-consensual fun!

Singers: ♪ We swear that we're not a threat, ♪
♪ Just get in the net ♪
♪ Are we having fun yet? ♪

♪ Cuz we're taking over! ♪
♪ But we're takin' over the Tri-State Area now! ♪

