(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher backyard. Buford, Baljeet, and Isabella are sitting under the tree.)
Isabella: Any guesses on what Phineas and Ferb have planned for us today?
(Beat as Isabella and Baljeet turn to Buford.)
Buford: What?
Baljeet: This is usually the part of the day when pitch us building your bread bowl hot tub.
(Isabella nods in agreement.)
Buford: I've been burned one too many a time. Maybe it's the universe telling me it's not meant to be.
(Phineas and Ferb enter, as Ferb carries a bowl with a cover over it.)
Phineas: Hey, guys! Sorry we're late.
Buford: What's in the bowl?
Phineas: (uncovers it) Only our latest invention.
Isabella: Your latest invention is... a normal-sized ball of dough?
Phineas: Patience. It still has to rise. Ferb and I invented a new strain of yeast that dectuples in size and bakes itself, in three, two, one...
(The dough jumps out of the bowl and grows into an already toasting bread roll.)
Buford: Wait, is that bread?! (slaps himself repeatedly) No way! No way! No way! No! (screams)
(Ferb pushes a button and a giant drill carves a big hole in the roll.)
Ferb: May I present—
Buford: (covers Ferb's mouth) Lemme say it! Lemme say it! Bread! Bowl! Hot tub! It's finally happening!
Phineas: You bet your broth! Speaking of which, Ferb, bring in the chowdah! All six hundred gallons!
(A cement mixer comes in and pours clam chowder into the bowl.)
Buford: (in happy tears) Oh, man! I've never been so happy when it wasn't at someone else's expense!
Ferb: We were up shucking clams all night.
Phineas: We wanted to show Buford that persistence, to the point of being annoying, really pays off.
Candace: (offscreen) Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom!
Ferb: Well, sometimes.
(Cut to Buford in his bathing suit running up to the tub.)
Buford: Woohoo! (does a cannonball into the tub) Now you guys gonna hop in or what?
(Phineas, Isabella, and Baljeet approach the tub in their bathing suits.)
Isabella: (lying) Well, I would but this is a new bathing suit.
Baljeet: Yeah... I am more of a tomato bisque man.
Phineas: Since it was your idea, why don't you have a moment alone with your... soup?
Isabella: You know what would be good? Let's get a snack.
(They go inside the house.)
Buford: Okay, your loss! Now this is how we shoulda started summer!
(He puts two crackers over his eyes like cucumber slices.)
Buford: (sighs) You know who would like this? Perry. I wonder where he is.
(A random green ray from the sky shoots the bread bowl hot tub, causing it to float to an unknown location.)

(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil, Inc., where, of course, the rays are originating from.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's just a Carb-Away-inator, Perry the Platypus. It's not even evil. It... It sends carbs away.
(Perry punches Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Having... Argh! Having bread around me is too tempting. So I point it at bread, it sends the bread away.
Vanessa: Dad? Oh, hey, Perry. I was making a sandwich. Where'd all the bread go?
Doofenshmirtz: I dunno. I used the Carb-away-inator, it just goes away. (to Perry) And are you really gonna thwart me for making healthy life choices?
(Perry thinks about it, lets go of Doof and then leaves.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I thought so. I thought so. Tell your story walkin', buddy!
(Beat, as Doof turns to Vanessa.)
Doofenshmirtz: Was that too mean?
(Another beat.)

(Cut to Buford still relaxing in the tub with the crackers over his eyes. Pull out to reveal he is on a deserted island.)
Buford: Hey, guys, come on in. The soup is fine.
(Seagulls are heard squawking in the distance.)
Buford: Guys? Guys? (takes crackers off) Hello, hello? Wait, where am I?
(Zoom out to reveal the entire island.)
Buford: Uh-oh. I've a feelin' we're not in the backyard anymore.
(Buford's stomach growls.)
Buford: Well, I don't know how we got here, but my stomach is rumbling. (He gets out of the tub.) Now don't wander off, Chowdina. I'm gonna call ya "Chowdina", cuz, y'know, ya got chowdah in ya. And plus, you look like a Chowdina. Anyway, I'm gonna go bully up somethin' to eat.
(Buford takes some mud and draws the skull from his T-shirt onto his chest.)
Buford: I don't know much about the food chain, but I do know that Van Stomms always come out on top. (Cracks knuckles.)
(Chowder transition to Buford chasing a rabbit with a woven basket.)
Buford: Get in there, fuzz-for-brains.
(Cut to Buford fishing in a stream.)
Buford: Wait for it. Wait for it...
(He sticks the pole in the stream.)
Buford: Hyah! Now hold still, ya stupid fishface! (sticks head in stream) Swim in my mouth!
(Bubble transition to Buford setting up a trap. A deer jumps over it.)
Buford: Hoo-ya! (gets snared)
(Leaf transition to Buford lying on the beach. His stomach growls again as seagulls fly over him.)
Buford: Oh, I'm a dumb bird! That's what you sound like! Eat coconut, ya dumb bird!
(He throws a coconut into the ocean, but then realizes...)
Buford: Wait a second. (slaps self) I coulda eaten the coconut! Eh, too much work. Sorry, stomach. Turns out I'm a poor provider.
(Wipe right to Buford approaching the bread bowl hot tub.)
Buford: Sorry to come back empty-handed, Chowdina. This whole food chain thing is more complicated than I thought.
British female voice: Oh, Buford.
Buford: (gasps)
British female voice: The beauty of nature lies in harmony.
Buford: Chowdina, you can talk! But how?
Chowdina: Well, if I had to guess, you may be hallucinating. My voice is a coping mechanism to deal with the isolation. Although we have only been here for four minutes.
Buford: Well, you're the only one here to talk to. Except for Volley-Baljeet. (He picks up a Wilson-type ball, imitating Baljeet.) "I do not use contractions." (stomach growls) Buford so hungry.
Chowdina: You could just eat me. I am made entirely out of food.
Buford: What? No! I'm not gonna eat my friend. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me! And the third best thing that's happened to Volley-Baljeet, right? (imitating Baljeet) "My face is blood."
(After a beat, Buford kicks Volley-Baljeet off to the side.)
Buford: Regardless of how got here, we gotta eat to survive. So it's back to the hunt!
Chowdina: Buford, there are other ways to survive than hunting. You can't bully nature into submission. You must learn to commune with nature.
Buford: Bullying's never let me down before.
(Cut to Buford continuing to forage. He gasps as he sees a pile of bread. A rabbit takes a loaf and nibbles at it. Cut to a deer with donuts on its antlers as it eats its own loaf.)
Buford: It's food! My food has food!
(The other animals see Buford and run away.)
Buford: Wait! Don't go! I'm not hunting ya! "Commune with nature", huh?
(Song: Commune with Nature)
Buford: ♪ A city boy out in the wilderness ♪
♪ This is all pretty new and bizarre ♪
♪ There's no hamburguesa to shove in my face-a ♪
♪ It's just one big salad bar ♪

♪ There's no phone and no internet ♪
♪ Bathroom or kitchenette ♪
♪ There's really not anything major ♪
♪ Just a bird and some oxen ♪
♪ And there's no other option ♪
♪ I'll hafta commune with nature ♪

♪ I’ll make friends with the flora and fauna ♪
♪ I’ll connect with the sky and the sea ♪
♪ I don’t really understand all of this stuff ♪
♪ But it’s starting to understand me ♪

♪ I know that’s a plant and that’s also a plant, ♪
♪ I don’t know all the nomenclature ♪
♪ But look at me go, just a regular Joe ♪
♪ Who has learned to commune with nature. ♪
♪ Nature ♪
♪ Nature ♪

I loves ya, nature.
Nature: We love you, too, Buford!
Buford: Aaaagh!!!
(Cut to Buford going back to the tub.)
Buford: Chowdina, you're never gonna believe it! I was so communin' with nature, and—
(Zoom out to reveal seagulls chomping on the tub.)
Buford: Chowdina! Get away from her!
Chowdina: (weakly) It's okay, Buford. Do not worry about me. As you learned in that previous song sequence, this is just part of nature.
Buford: But, Chowdina, you cant't go! You're my bread bowl hot tub! And my friend.
Chowdina: (coughs) It's the law of nature. You must accept this.
Buford: If becomin' one with nature means havin' to leave you behind, I want none of that! Hey, you, trash birds! That's right, ya dirty sky-rats! I've had it with yer stupid squawkin'! Shame! Shame!
(The seagulls fly off.)
Buford: Yeah, you better fly away, wings-for-arms!
(Buford gathers some strands of seaweed and logs to build a raft.)
Chowdina: Buford, you went back to bullying just to save me.
Buford: Yeah, all that nature stuff was gettin' stale anyway.
(Buford pushes the bread bowl hot tub onto the raft.)
Buford: Chowdina, I'm gonna sail ya back to society!
Chowdina: Okay, let's do this!

(Cut to the raft on the water as Buford steers, passing by some dolphins. As the water becomes slightly treacherous, Buford ties Chowdina down. As the night falls, Buford lifts up the sail and looks up at the stars with Chowdina. Crossfade to the next day as Buford plays volleyball with Volley-Baljeet and an octopus. Crossfade to Buford catching some clams and putting them in Chowdina. Crossfade to Buford playing cards with Volley-Baljeet, a clam, and the octopus, when sharks approach the raft accompanied by ominous Jaws-like music. One of the sharks chomps a raft log, but Buford pulls it out of its mouth and swipes the broken log at the sharks. A rainstorm appears.)
Buford: (screams) Chowdina!
(Buford takes off the leafy sail and covers Chowdina with it.)
Chowdina: This isn't looking good, Buford!
Buford: It's okay, Chowdina. We're gonna make it through, somehow. This should help with the rain.
Chowdina: But I don't think it will do much good against that tidal wave.
Buford: No! Listen up, wave! You're not takin' her! For Chowdina, I'll bully the laws of nature into submission! Shame! Shame!
(The green ray strikes Chowdina again.)
Buford: Aaaah! Wait, that actually worked?
Chowdina: Buford, look!
(Buford looks as Chowdina is lifted. He unties the raft from her.)
Buford: Chowdina, you can fly! I don't believe it! I'm magic!
(They float towards Danville.)
Chowdina: How is this happening?

(Cut to D.E.I. as several bread products float back toward the building. Cut to inside as Doof eats some bread sadly.)
Doofenshmirtz: The call of the carbs was too strong, and I, too weak to resist their charms. I probably shouldn't have built a reverse switch.
(Some sliced bread floats his way.)
Vanessa: I'll take that!
(Doof dials his phone.)
Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus? I'm just gonna assume it's you, 'cause I don't hear any talking. Anyway, I was wrong. Please come back and thwart me.

(Cut to Buford floating in Chowdina with several more bread.)
Buford: Woo-hoo-hoo! Yeah! The power of friendship is amazing!
Chowdina: Sure. Let's chalk it up to friendship.
(Buford makes binoculars with his hands.)
Buford: Hold on, Chowdina! We're almost home!

(Cut to Doof's apartment. Perry looks at Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: There's gotta be something you can do to help me with these carb impulses.
(Perry pushes the self-destruct button.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah. I guess I coulda just done that myself.

(Cut back to Buford and Chowdina.)
Buford: We're so close!
(Suddenly, all the bread falls out of the sky, including Chowdina and Buford, who land in the water.)

(Cut to Perry leaving Doof on his jetpack.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thanks for coming, Perry the Platypus! I appreciate you!

(Cut to Buford holding a leg of the pier.)
Buford: Chowdina! What happened to the magic? Did I do something wrong? It's okay, Chowdina. Even if I have to carry you back, we'll find a way.
Chowdina: Buford, this is where our journey ends. My time has come.
Buford: But we're so close to home! You can't do this to me! Not now!
Chowdina: Don't think of this as an end, but rather, a beginning. For now, I'll return to the ocean. I'll become food for the fish, breaking down, but nourishing others. Eventually, I'll return to the soil and become a fertile base for wheat to grow. The wheat will be milled into flour and given a purpose. And perhaps one day, I'll become a bread bowl hot tub once again. And you and I can go on a whole new adventure.
Buford: (in tears) The circle of life.
Chowdina: Thank you, Buford. Thank you for believing in me.
Buford: Farewell, Chowdina. Farewell. Chowdina, won't you say goodbye? Oh, that's right. Your voice was just a coping mechanism. "Farewell, Buford."

(Cut to the backyard where Baljeet, Isabella, and Phineas are getting some sun. Buford approaches them.)
Isabella: Hey, Buford. What happened to your bread bowl hot tub?
Buford: Y'know, some days you're flyin' high on a green cloud of friendship magic, while others, you're fish food in the bottom of the ocean.
(Beat.)
Phineas: Um... not sure I follow ya.
Buford: She's gone, but she'll live on in my heart forever.
(Buford goes back into the house.)
Baljeet, Isabella, and Phineas: Phew!
Isabella: Glad we got outta that one!
Baljeet: Who would want to soak in soup?
(Ferb comes out of the house wearing his bathing suit and snorkel mash smiling, but walks back inside when he notices Buford sad and the hot tub is gone.)

(Montage of Buford with Chowdina.)
(Song: Bread Bowl Hot Tub)
Jilly! The Band: ♪ Bread bowl hot tub (A bread bowl hot tub) ♪
♪ It's a soupy jacuzzi in a loaf ♪
♪ A bread bowl hot tub (Bread bowl hot tub) ♪
♪ Floating pretty on a slice of giant toast ♪

♪ The bubbles come from the jets, so ♪
♪ They're not mine, I swear, so ♪
♪ Drink while they massage all my toes ♪
♪ So get your chips and ladles ♪
♪ Skip the pools and shade-o ♪
♪ And sail aboard a giant brioche ♪

♪ In a bread bowl hot tub (Bread bowl hot tub) ♪

