(Scene opens on Buford's house. Cut to Buford's bedroom where he is blowing his nose in bed surrounded by crumpled up tissues, clearly not feeling well. Baljeet enters carrying his laptop.)

Baljeet: Hello, Buford, I hear you are under the weather and I have just the thing to cheer you up.

(He opens up the laptop.)

Buford: (sighs) Not that lame sci-fi show you obsess over. Space Adventure?

Baljeet: It got me through hoof and mouth disease. And I have already downloaded my favorite episode.

Buford: Hard pass! I'd rather wallow in misery.

Baljeet: Too bad. You are a captive audience and cannot leave. Here goes!

(Baljeet turns the episode on on his laptop.)



(Zoom in on the laptop. Today's episode, "Gauntlet of Death". We see the U.S.S. Minotaur ("It's only a model!" "Shhh!") flying through space.)

Captain Dirk Mortenson: (voiceover) Diary of Captain Dirk Mortenson: I've taken the U.S.S. Minotaur into the evil Honey Badger Empire to steal the plans of their latest space station: the dreaded Spiky Ring. (out loud) Status report, Navigator... uh....

Sophia Sharkboard: Cadet Sophia Sharkboard, captain.

Dirk: Right. Welcome aboard. You've met everyone? Second-in-command, the fierce and determined Lieutenant Zarna, Nosh, the 17th best pilot in the galaxy...

Nosh: (roars)

Dirk: Oh, right. 19th. And there's our security officer, Lomond, master of the profound mystical arts of... Schlufbaum's Luck.

Lomond: Oof!

Sophia: Nice to meet you, but this is a mistake. I'm just an intern. I shouldn't be navigating.

Dirk: Calm down, noob. You've got decent grades and we need a navigator, case closed. Now, status report, Newbie Navigator!

Sophia: Uh, we're approaching the Honey Badger home planet.

(Cut to said planet. The Minotaur flies toward it. Cut back to the bridge.)

Dirk: Deploy the harmless asteroid camouflage.

(Cut to outside the ship, which becomes disguised as an asteroid. Cut back to the bridge.)

Dirk: We'll take a shuttle and sneak aboard the command station where they keep their secret plans. Nosh, Zarna, Lomond, you're with me! (to the robot) DSL-4, you're in charge.

DSL-4: (beeps)

(DSL-4 slowly maneuvers its way toward Sophia.)



(Cut to the command station. Cut to inside. A few Honey Badgers are standing guard. The door opens and the crew, disguised as Honey Badger janitors, emerge. Dirk whistles while he "works".)

Dirk: Okay. Only one officer between us and the plans. We gotta take him out quietly.

(Zarna inches toward the guard brandishing several blades.)

Dirk: Zarna, Zarna! (Shakes his head) Not again. Three times since we snuck aboard is enough. Plus, I think you enjoy it a little much.

(Zarna puts away her blades.)

Zarna: I enjoy it just enough, thank you.

Dirk: You have a problem. Lomond, try using those powers of yours to knock him out with something.

Lomond: I don't think I can, sir.

Dirk: You can do it.

(Lomond concentrates and telekinetically lifts a desk chair toward the guard, but it flies over his head and smashes some stuff his kid made.)

Honey Badger Guard: My stuff! What the—?!

(Dirk knocks him out with his fist.)

Dirk: Whew! Thank goodness for my patented Mortenson chop.

Zarna: (types) I'm in. Accessing plans. Captain, their first target is listed here. It's... Earth!

Dirk: Earth?! Again?! Of all the planets in the galaxy, of which there are many, why is it always Earth? Okay, we've gotta get these plans to the Space Fleet so they can find the weakness and stop that spike. Let's go.

(The door opens and another guard enters.)

Tech Officer #1: Hey, you janitors aren't supposed to be in here!

(Zarna looks back at Dirk.)

Dirk: (sighs) Go ahead.

(Zarna brandishes her blades again.)



(Cut to outside the command center. The small ship goes back into the Minotaur, still disguised as an asteroid. Cut to the bridge. DSL-4 is sitting in the captain's chair. The rest of the crew enters.)

Dirk: Newbie Navigator, any sign they've detected the Minotaur?

Sophia: None, sir!

Dirk: Set a course for Earth, Nosh!

(Nosh pushes a button and the Minotaur takes off.)

Dirk: Aw, I just thought of something really cool we could do right now!

Zarna: Not that.

Dirk: Execute the Galaxy Famous Mortenson Victory Flyby!

(The Minotaur flies up to the window of the command. The two guards react as if it was showing its rear end.)

Dirk: (taunting) We've got your plans! Bite me, Honey Badgers!

(The Minotaur zooms off as an alarm blares.)



(Cut to Buford's room.)

Buford: Wait! They got away undetected?! Why would he come back like that?!

Baljeet: Because it was cool!



(Cut back to the episode.)

Caption: The Safehouse Nebula - 2 Hours Later

Dirk: Lucky we lost the Honey Badgers. Mission accomplished.

Zarna: Was that really necessary?

Dirk: You're not still carrying on about the Mortenson Victory Flyby, are you? You know us Earth men. (dances) We gotta celebrate life's wins! (Turns to Lomond, who is concentrating on lifting rocks with his mind.) Lomond, can you sense if the Honey Badger— (Lomond breaks his concentration.) Dah! Hey! I thought we talked about you keeping those rocks on the bridge.

Lomond: Sorry, sir. I'm still learning the ways of Schlufbaum's Luck. I—

Dirk: Okay, okay, okay. See if you can use that Schlufbaum's Luck of yours and detect the Honey Badgers' fleet out there.

Lomond: I will try, sir. (struggles)

Zarna: Why not use the ship's sensors?

Dirk: Lt. Zarna, Schlufbaum's Luck is a power that goes back to when the universe was young. We can't turn our backs on—

Zarna: Already picking up the incoming Honey Badger fleet.

Dirk: Do you sense the Honey Badger fleet?

Lomond: No.

(An alarm blares.)

Zarna: Sensors read twenty Honey Badgers ships.

Lomond: I am sensing... evil. But the universe is a dangerous place, Captain, I kind of sense evil all the time. Wow!

(Cut to outside the ship. The nebula opens up revealing the Honey Badger fleet.)

Lomond: Sir, I'm sensing the Honey Badger fleet approaching!

Dirk: Nice work, Lomond.

(The screen shows the Honey Badger Guard.)

Commander Rrrrrg: Captain Dirk Mortenson!

Lomond: (yelps)

(He nervously telekinetically throws a rock at the screen, smashing the glass.)

Dirk: Lomond!

Lomond: I'm sorry, sir, it's—

Dirk: He's not here in the room! Commander Rrrrrg, what can I do for you?

Commander: Captain, your crazy maneuver scared the dickens out of our techs! I should blow your ship to bits, but I'll cancel that and the spike launch if you just apologize.

Dirk: Commander Rrrrrg, you don't apologize for doing something cool.

Commander: Mortenson, you fool! You have 49 seconds to reconsider apologizing or we're blowing your ship to bits!

Dirk: Not gonna happen.

(He turns off the screen.)

Sophia: Captain, couldn't we try firing all our space torpedos and take our chances escaping?

(During this, Nosh does just that.)

Dirk: No, we could fire all our space torpedoes, but their shielding is too strong. It would only anger them! Nosh, did you fire all our space torpedoes at them?!?!

(Beat.)

Dirk: Nosh, did you?

Nosh: (shrieks in confirmation)

Dirk: It says here we have zero torpedoes left.

Nosh: (shrieks)

Dirk: No, Nosh. I don't think we forgot to bring torpedoes on the mission.

(The space fleet fires lasers at the Minotaur.)

Commander: (back on screen) That's what you get for firing on us, Captain! Now prepare to be destroyed! You may have 49 seconds to say goodbye to your crew. Or, maybe, you could just say sorry to these two and we could forget the whole thing.

Dirk: Not gonna happen. (Turns screen back off and goes to his chair) We've got to get these plans to Earth. (Presses a button on his chair) Chief Engineer Hondu...

(Cut to the engine room.)

Dirk: (on speaker) ...engine status.

Hondu: I'm doing what I can to repair them, but that last sonic blast damaged our engines. We won't outrun them!

(Cut back to the bridge.)

Dirk: Then we'll have to escape using a course so dangerous the Honey Badger fleet wouldn't dare follow. Newbie Navigator, set course 23/49-23!

Nosh: (shrieks in fear)

Zarna: (gasps)

Sophia: But, Captain, that will take us straight through—

Dirk: That's right, Newbie Navigator! (dramatic closeup) The Giant Space Worms Nebula! Nosh, full engines! Go!

(Cut to space. The Minotaur flies away as the Honey Badger fleet gives chase. They approach a green nebula.)

Zarna: The Honey Badgers are slowing down.

(Cut to inside the nebula. A giant space worm grabs one of the ships and devours it. The Minotaur carefully flies past a group of space worms.)

Zarna: Captain, I'm counting... a lot of giant space worms. We are sure to be eaten.

Dirk: If we hold this steady course, we might slide through unnoticed.

(As they fly through, one of the worms notices the Minotaur.)

Sophia: Captain, can we use the laser cannons on it?

Dirk: The outer layer of the worm is too strong. The only things effective against them are... (yelling, at Nosh) SPACE TORPEDOES!!

Nosh: (shrieks)

Dirk: Lomond, can you use your Schlufbaum's Luck telepathy to tell the Space Worm we mean no harm?

Lomond: I will try, sir. (struggles) Making... (struggles) Contact! (struggles)

(The space worm looks at the ship, then snarls at it.)

Lomond: Oops!

Dirk: "Whoops"?

Lomond: Well, it might've heard me think that it should not eat the ship, uh, because it's already too fat...

(Cut to space. The Minotaur is now being pursued by the Honey Badger fleet and the space worms. Cut back to the bridge.)

Lomond: I'm so very sorry, Captain! I just... (to a spiritual vision) Master, when will I learn to control my thoughts?

Dirk: (getting rid of the vision) Lomond, I thought we talked about having space ghosts on my bridge! We're gonna have to escape using a course so dangerous, the Honey Badger fleet and space worms wouldn't dare follow! Newbie Navigator, set course 23/42-27.

Nosh: (shrieks in fear)

Zarna: (gasps)

Sophia: But, Captain, that will take us straight through—

Dirk: That's right, Newbie Navigator! (dramatic closeup) The Giant Razor Crystal Asteroids with Volcanoes Nebula!

(Dramatic sting!)



(Cut to said nebula.)

Zarna: The Honey Badgers and Space Worms are slowing down, Captain!

(Cut to outside. The ship flies past a razor crystal asteroid volcano, which erupts some crystals. The Minotaur maneuvers through some asteroids.)

Sophia: Look, Captain!

Lomond: It's some kind of hidden city!

Dirk: My word! It's the Merlorian Ambush!

Nosh: (shrieks and pushes buttons on his control panel, setting off the ship's lasers destroying the buildings)

Dirk: Nosh, no, no, no! Stop firing! Stop! "Ambush" is the Merlorian word for "hidden city"! The Merlorians are mostly harmless!

Zarna: Captain, I'm reading 50 Merlorian warships powering up engines.

Dirk: "Mostly".

(Cut to outside the ship, which is now pursued by the Honey Badger fleet, the Giant Worms and the Merlorian warships. Cut to the bridge. Dirk has now taken control of Nosh's post, while Nosh is sitting in a timeout corner.)

Nosh: (shrieks in sorrow)

Dirk: For five more minutes. Don't push your luck or it'll be ten! I sure hope the Scorpion Collective doesn't learn of this.

Sophia: Why not, Captain?

Dirk: They hate the Merlorians and vow to be the ones to destroy them. If they even heard that we shot at them, it would be—

Zarna: Picking up the entire Scorpion Collective fleet heading straight at us!

Dirk: How could they even—

Sophia: (giving her phone to Dirk) Better look at this, Captain.

Dirk: (reading a meme) "Feeling sad on a timeout for firing on the Merlorian hidden city"!!!! Nosh!!!

(Pan to Nosh typing on his phone. Cut to the ever growing fleet chasing the Minotaur. Dramatic music is heard! Isn't this exciting?! Cut back to the bridge. Nosh is back at his post.)

Dirk: Okay, we're gonna plot a course so doubly insane dangerous that none of them would dare follow us! Newbie Navigator, new course 47/54.09!

(The crew gasps again.)

Sophia: Uh, Captain, I'm not really familiar with that course.

Dirk: That's right, Newbie Navigator. (dramatic closeup) The Carlarian Nebula of 17 Suns and 14 Black Holes!

(Cut to the chase. Cut back to the bridge.)

Dirk: If we fly through with the precise course, the immense gravitational forces should accelerate us beyond lightspeed-12 and shoot us straight for Earth. This is going to be a super-duper crazy maneuver. Raise the Ultimate Control Stick! (A joystick rises from the ground and lights up.)

Sophia: (aside, to Nosh) You can tell it's a really good one because it has a light inside.

Nosh: (growls in agreement)

(Cut to outside the ship. It goes into the nebula of suns and black holes.)

Sophia: Gravitational forces going past Level 10!

(DSL-4 falls over. Cut to outside as the ship warps. Cut to inside as the crew panics and the bridge breaks apart.)

Dirk: This might've been a mistake!

(Cut to outside as the ship warps, as does the giant fleet chasing them. Dirk pushes forward on his control stick and revs away from the fleet.)

Sophia: Huzzah! We're through, sir! Traveling at lightspeed-22 on our way to Earth!

Dirk: (pushes button on his chair) This is Captain Dirk Mortenson calling Lunar Landing Control. Request to land.

Lunar Landing Control: (on speaker) Lemme guess: coming in hot?

Dirk: Coming in hot!

(Cut to outside the ship, which is smoking. Cut to the moon as a landing pad appears. The Minotaur crashes onto the pad and screeches to a halt, practically destroying it. Cut to inside the destroyed bridge, in shambles. Dirk does a victory dance.)

Dirk: Another successful mission! Any sign of our pursuers?

Zarna: What's left of the sensors say there's something big coming in.

(Cut to outside the ship. All the pursuers are now bunched up in a cone)

Dirk: Looks like the gravitational pull of that last nebula coalesced our pursuers into a... What would you call that shape?

Rest of the crew: A giant spike?

(Cut to Earth. The giant spike splashes into the Pacific Ocean. The crew gasps. Beat.)

Dirk: Okay, maybe the Mortenson Victory Flyby wasn't a good idea.

(Roll credits.)

(Song: Space Adventure)

♪ Space Adventure is calling you ♪



(Zoom out back to Buford's room.)

Buford: Wait a minute! What happened to that spiky thing?! What happened to the Earth?!

Baljeet: All will be answered in the next episode. (He closes the laptop and heads for the door.)

Buford: Okay, okay! You're strong and cocky and dominatin' like Captain Dirk. Just play the next one. Please?

Baljeet: As you wish!

(Baljeet climbs onto the bed and fires up the next episode.)

♪ Space Adventure is calling you ♪

♪ So put on your space face ♪

♪ And make your way to the stars ♪

♪ On our Space Adventure ♪

♪ It's an adventure in space! ♪

Caption: In truth, Buford never really liked Space Adventure. He only said he did to get Baljeet to lower his guard and sit within reach so he could make him sick.

(Zoom out on Buford and Baljeet watching the title sequence. As it gets to the last note, Buford begins to breathe on Baljeet, infecting him.)




