(Scene opens on a bunch of seagulls circling the sun. Pan down to a cruise terminal. Mom's car parks in the parking lot. Candace departs the car.)

Candace: Wow, it's massive! A humongous boat is the perfect setting for a humongous bust! Hee hee hee! Bust boat!

Phineas: Well, technically, it's a ship.

Linda: Candace, it's a vacation. A vacation from busting. And tonight, we get to see something that only happens once a decade, the Tri-State Aurora. A natural light show in the sky.

Phineas: A shame there are no pets allowed.

Linda: Mmm, I know. But it was sweet of Stacy to pet-sit.



(Cut to Stacy's living room. Stacy is playing a video game with Agent P.)

Stacy: Eat my pixels, Teal-Boy!

(Cut to the screen. Agent P's character easily defeats Stacy's avatar, who lets out a Wilhelm Scream.)

Perry: (chatters triumphantly)

Stacy: Lucky shot.

(Agent P's watch beeps.)

Major Monogram: (on watch) Agent P, pack your pool noodles and get to the Danville docks. Doof's boarded a party cruise and my Aunt Olga is on that ship celebrating her birthday. I don't want him to ruin her big day. Stop Doof.

(Perry hangs up.)

Stacy: Don't worry. I'll cover for you.

(Perry straps on his jetpack, leaves the house, and takes off.)

Stacy: But I'm not giving back this petsitting money.



(Cut back to the ship.)

Captain: (over loudspeaker, with Scandinavian accent) Velcome aboard, passengers. I'm your captain, Sven Jorgansenson. Come sundown, hit the upper deck and witness the majestic beauty of the Tri-State Aurora. Weather permitting, of course.

(Cut to the ocean. Perry revs in on his jet ski and uses suction cups to stowaway onto the ship.)



(Cut to a stateroom. Doof and Vanessa enter.)

Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, thanks for coming with me on this cruise. I... I've been needing a break from evil. It's so much more than a job. It's a lifestyle. That you can take anywhere. So behold! (unzips his fanny pack) My travel-size-inator!

Vanessa: Isn't that the garage door clicker?

Doofenshmirtz: Well, yes, but... but I souped it up. It's now my travel-size-inator, and it will shrink anything I want dow to travel-size so it will fit in my bag. And then when I get home, I just reverse it and voila!

Vanessa: So your idea of a break from evil is to steal everything on the ship?

Doofenshmirtz: It's not stealing. This cruise was advertised as "all-inclusive", so I'm getting my money's worth.

Vanessa: Yeah, have fun with that. I'm gonna go check out the ship while there's still stuff let to see on it.

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, not for long, sweetie. Have fun!

(Vanessa exits.)

Doofenshmirtz: Mini TV, mini mini-fridge. Ooh, it's so much cuter when it's mini-mini!

(Perry spies through Doof's stateroom porthole. Cut to outside. Perry fires his grappling hook and goes onto the outer deck. Cut to later. The Flynn-Fletcher family are on the ship.)

Linda: You boys have fun.

Phineas: Sure thing, Mom.

Lawrence: (looking at a brochure) Absolutely splendid. I'll take a deep dive into the history of this ship and—Ooh!

(A conga line gets in his way.)

Lawrence: Oh! Oh my! Oh! (joins the conga line) We'll meet back here tonight for the Aurora!

(pan right to Mom and Candace)

Linda: Forget the boys, Candace. We're on vacation. Let's head to the spa. That'll help you, I mean us, unwind.

(Linda drags her daughter away from the boys, who are looking at the Kids' Klub.)

Phineas: Hmmm. We're out of our natural habitat, Ferb. And I know what we're gonna do today! (rips off his clothes revealing his bathing suit and snorkeling gear) Antiquated spherical artilleryyyyy!

(Dives into the pool.)

Ferb: (rips off his clothes also revealing his board shorts and snorkeling gear) Cannonball!

Phineas: Sure, if ya wanna say it the easy way. (to two kids making a fort out of building blocks) Cool castle!

Boy: Yeah, this is fun, but there's only so much we can do with these blocks.

Phineas: We can help with that. Ferb, did you pack those miniature medieval catapults?



(Cut to an upper deck. Doof is shrinking some rafts as Perry spies on him.)

Doofenshmirtz: I'll take that. There ya go. (shrinks an umbrella) I'll take that! Just getting my money's worth! And, ooh, that would look nice in my foyer!

Perry: (chatters angrily)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! How nice of you to join our little family vac—

(Perry whacks Doof in the face hitting a woman, who stubs her toe.)

Aunt Olga: Ow, my toe!

Doofenshmirtz: Aah!

(Doof and Perry fall backwards into the buffet.)

Captain: (over loudspeaker) Attention, passengers, due to unexpected cloud cover, tonight's Aurora might be obstructed from view. Let us hope for a change in the weather.

Passenger 1: What?

Passenger 2: Bummer.

Passenger 3: Come on.

Passenger 4: Well, looks like it's time to head back into the windowless casino and lose all sense of time and spatial awareness.

(The passengers sadly head inside.)



(Cut back to the Kids Klub. The castle is now a huge fortress.)

Boy: Thanks, Phineas and Ferb!

Phineas: Oh, you're welcome. But with those clouds, no one will be able to see the Aurora. Well, Ferb, I now what else we're gonna do today!



(Cut to Candace at the spa getting a massage, until...)

Candace: My busting senses are tingling.

(The masseuse kicks her back down.)

Masseuse: Oh, that's just the massage oil, honey. Relax.

Candace: Oof! Ow! Okay, okay! I'm relaxing!



(Cut to Vanessa touring the ship, when she accidentally bumps into a familiar face.)

Vanessa: (gasps)

Monty: Vanessa Doofenshmirtz? Is that you?

Vanessa: Monty Monogram?

Monty: What are the odds? Wow! It's been a while. Oh, uh, please allow me to introduce you to Olga, my dad's vaguely European aunt.

Aunt Olga: You, nice young girl, take stroll, eat food with nephew. I must soak foot.

Monty: Okay, Auntie. I'll see you later. (to Vanessa) Shall we?

Vanessa: We shall.

(Lawrence, now in full vacation mode, passes by them in the conga line.)

Lawrence: ♪ One, two, cha cha cha! One two... ♪



(Cut to the buffet. Doof and Perry tumble in. Perry crashes into a tray of dishes, which he flings at Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Huh? Aah!

(Doof activates the inator, which shrinks the plates being thrown at him, and he laughs. As he shrinks the entire tray, a drumstick a passenger is about to eat, an ice cream sundae, a giant steak, and a woman's sun hat. As Perry rolls toward Doof, he turns on the inator, but accidentally shrinks himself and Perry, and they land in the potato salad.)

Doofenshmirtz: Now I've got potato salad in my pants! Again!

(Pan left to reveal Vanessa and Monty getting food.)

Monty: It's crazy us bumping into each other like this. But I'm glad we did.

(Monty scoops some potato salad inadvertently scooping Doof and Perry.)

Doofenshmirtz: Is that Vanessa?! (babbles incoherently)

Vanessa: Ooh, mini corn dogs!



(Cut back to the Kids' Klub. Phineas and Ferb are at their desk.)

Phineas: Okay, Ferb, while a subatomic deionization ray could dissipate the cloud cover, it might be simpler to raise the ship above the clouds. But how?

Clown 1: Just look at us, Eddie. We've already run out of kids to make the balloon animals for. What are we gonna do with the rest of this helium?

Phineas: Ferb, we're gonna need bigger balloons!

(Song: Quirky Worky Song)

(Phineas and Ferb fill up the balloons with help from the clowns and they tie them to the ship's funnel.)

Phineas: Check it out! It's working!



(Cut to Monty and Vanessa enjoying their buffet.)

Monty: So, Nessa, I gotta ask, what happened between us? You kinda just stopped calling.

Vanessa: I don't know. The whole star-crossed-love thing was fun and all, but I just couldn't keep lying to my dad about us.

(Zoom in on Doof and Perry still in the potato salad.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait! Star-crossed-love? Wait! Wait! Vanessa, was this your secret boyfriend?! This guy?! The guy with the enormous nostrils?! (to Monty) Hey, you've got a bat in the cave there, buddy!

Monty: Well, the rules are different. We're in international waters.

(Cut back to Doof and Perry as they attempt to evade Monty's fork.)

Doofenshmirtz Wa-wa-wait! No, no, no! I'm not on the menu!

Vanessa: Did you hear something?

Monty: Probably my stomach. I'm starving.

(Cut back to Doof and Perry about to be devoured by Monty. Monty chews and then swallows. Doof almost makes it to the throat, but Perry slingshots some potato salad at Monty's uvula. Cut back to Monty.)

Monty: (coughs, and spits the potato salad into his napkin) Sorry, didn't agree with me. Well, that was smooth, huh? Unlike these potatoes. Um, I'm gonna need another napkin.

Busboy: Right away, sir. "Work on a cruise ship," they said. "You'll see the world," they said. "You won't just be picking up random people's soiled napkins," they said.

(The busboy throws the napkin with Doof and Perry on it out the window. They get snatched by a seagull.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on!

(The seagull flies away.)



(Cut back to the now airborne ship soaring above the clouds in sight of the Tri-State Aurora.)

Phineas: Hey, guys, check out the Aurora! Whoa!

(Song: When the Tri-State Aurora Comes Around)

♪ When we are high above the clouds, we glide without a care ♪

♪ And while there's all of these ribbons of ionized ice particles ♪

♪ Flowing through our hair,

♪ It's just so nice to have a ship that we can commandeer ♪

♪ So we can soar among the colorful disturbances of our magnetosphere ♪



♪ We couldn't see a thing below the hazy overcast ♪

♪ We had to think of something cuz this light show couldn’t last ♪



♪ We won’t let disappointing weather patterns ever keep us down ♪

♪ When the Tri-State Aurora comes around! ♪

♪ It’s nice to have balloons and helium from two disgruntled clowns ♪

♪ When the Tri-State Aurora comes around! ♪

♪ Comes around... ♪

♪ Comes around, (scats) ♪



(Cut back to the seagull still carrying Doof and Perry.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hey! Hey! Let us go, you sky rat!

(The seagull squawks and honors Doof's request.)

Doofenshmirtz: Aah! Thank you!

(Cut to Aunt Olga still soaking her feet.)

Aunt Olga: Zzzzzzzz...

(Doof and Perry splash into the tub she's soaking her feet in. Doof emerges from the pool.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, thank goodness.

(Perry emerges next to him.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you're okay!

(Doof looks down and notices some plastic swords and toothpicks.)

Doofenshmirtz: But not for long... En garde!

(Doof takes the olive out of the plastic sword, while Perry wields a tiny umbrella and throws the olive at Doof.)



(Cut to the spa. Candace and Mom are getting pedicures and wearing mud masks.)

Phineas: (offscreen) Way to go, Ferb! We did it!

(Candace wakes up.)

Candace: Wait, did what?

(Candace walks out of the spa and looks over the balcony.)

Candace: (gasps) Phineas and Ferb! That's absolutely beautiful. And absolutely bustable! (returns to the spa) Mom, the boys tied massive circus balloon animals to the ship and we're flying through the sky!

Linda: (takes off her cucumber slices) Candace, do you even hear the words that come out of your mouth? (puts back on the cucumber slices) You need to relax, honey.

Candace: No! Cucumbers can wait! (drags her mother off the chair) Must! Show! Proof!



(Cut to the Kids' Klub. Tiny Doof and Perry make their way toward the giant building block castle.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hey! Hey, wait! How does this toy castle have working catapults?

(Perry hits Doof, and his inator hits his head, activating, shrinking all the balloons, causing the ship to descend from the clouds.)



(Cut to Candace still pushing Mom out. The Giant Floating Baby Head has joined the conga line.)

Candace: Hurry, Mom!

Linda: I'm not sure we're allowed to run on the deck, Candace.



(Cut back to the fight. Perry launches himself from the catapult. Doof picks up his inator and puts it in his fanny pack. Perry punches Doof again, causing the inator to activate, shrinking all the clouds.)

Candace: Hurry, Mom! There are huge balloon animals and they're making us fly!

(The ship lands back in the water.)

Candace: Look, Mom, quick!

(Pan up to the Aurora.)

Linda: Magnificent! Thanks for making sure I didn't miss it, dear. A perfect end to our mother-daughter day.

Candace: But but but but... (sighs) Oh, never mind. It really is beautiful.

Captain: (over loudspeaker) Vell, passengers, I am happy to announce the clouds have parted. Take a look at the magic of the Tri-State Aurora.



(Cut back to Doof and Perry. They are continuing their sword fight. Perry is just about to finish Doof, when suddenly...)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, hold your tiny horses! I just remembered. My inator had a reverse switch this whole time! I dunno what I was thinking.

(Doof activates the reverse switch and he and Perry grow back to normal size. Unfortunately, that means everything that Doof shrank and stole goes back to normal as well.)

Guard 1: Freeze!

(Two security guards approach Doof, and the second guard apprehends him.)

Doofenshmirtz: What? It said it was all-inclusive in the brochure.

Guard 2: Oh, it is.

Guard 1: (apprehending Perry) We're arresting you for smuggling a platypus on board! 

(Doof and Perry get cuffed to each other.)

Guard 1: No pets allowed!

Doofenshmirtz: He's not my pet! We have a complicated relationship.



(Cut to the passengers watching the Aurora to the music of Strauss' "On the Beautiful Blue Danube".)

Monty: Wow! I'd say something really sweet and clever right now, but I got nothin'.

Vanessa: Me neither.

(Monty holds onto Vanessa's shoulder.)

Vanessa: Eh, we're in international waters.

Busboy: I guess it is pretty amazing.

(The passenger next to him blows his nose into his napkin.)

Busboy: Fine. (takes dirty napkin)



(Cut to the Flynn-Fletchers.)

Lawrence: Truly marvelous.

Phineas: You should have seen it up close.

Linda: It's so beautiful! How is it so beautiful?

Ferb: The scope of possibilities in this world is as vast as the ocean, and is as limitless as the cosmos.



(Cut to the clowns.)

Clown 2: See, Earl? (sucks some helium) This makes all those clown college student loans worth it.

(Pan right to the still cuffed Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Well, Perry the Platypus, it looks like ano— Wai—

(Pan right to reveal Doof now cuffed to a balloon animal shaped like Perry, who escapes on his jetpack.)

Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus. And curse you, too, you awe-inspiring natural phenomenon.

