(Scene opens on a sign on a lamppost reading "Drive Test Here". Zoom out to unveil the Danville Department of Motor Vehicles. Mom's car pulls up to the lamppost.)

Linda: I can't believe my baby is 16 and taking her driver's license test!

Girl: Why? (sobs)

Girl's mother: I can't believe my baby is 16 and failed her driver's license test.

(Mom and Candace look at each other as the driving instructor walks up.)

Driving Instructor: And another one bites the dust.

Linda: Don't worry, sweetie. You've got this!

(Mom and Candace exit the car.)

Linda: You know the driver's manual by heart, and your dad and the boys have been helping you parallel park.

(Cut to footage from "It's a Mud, Mud, Mud, Mud World".)

Candace: (drives back and forth slamming into the two trash cans) Aah! (8x)

(Cut back to present day with a freaked-out Candace.)

Candace: Yeah, yeah, that was helpful.

(Mom's phone vibrates.)

Linda: Oh, here's your dad. (answers phone and gives it to Candace)

(Dad appears on video phone repairing Candace's bike.)

Lawrence: Hello, just calling to say good luck on your test. Imagine the newfound freedom you'll have if you don't fail! Which, of course, you won't!

Candace: Then why are you fixing my bike?

(Beat.)

Lawrence: What-What, this? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, I have all the confidence. This is, uh, this is just in case...

Driving Instructor: Candace Flynn.

Candace: (yelps as Mom's phone jumps out of her grip, Mom catches it)

Linda: She's right here!

(The instructor clicks his pen and writes on his clipboard.)

Linda: (to Candace) I'll be waiting over at the park till your test is over. Break a leg, sweetheart! Mwah!

(Mom leaves as she leaves the car's keys with Candace. The instructor gets in the shotgun position.)

Driving Instructor: All right, let's get this over with. (clicks pen)

(Dramatic zoom in on a panicked Candace.)

Candace: (groans nervously) Coming.



(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to the backyard. Phineas and Ferb are jumping in the air wearing springs and weird gloves and shoes. Enter the rest of the gang.)

Isabella: Whoa! Whatcha doin'?

Phineas: Check it out! Gecko Gear! We got the idea from watching a gecko documentary. They can lick their own eyes.

(Cutaway to a gecko doing just that.)

Phineas: But, more importantly, they can climb up walls, which is why we made these gloves and boots from thermoplastic polymers that can stick and re-stick to any surface. Um, 12% more gumminess, Ferb.

(Ferb drops the gloves and shoes into a vat, sticks his finger out to test the wind and pours some more goo. Dramatic pan on the vat and suddenly Ferb is on the ground cranking it up as the gang watch. Ferb pulls the switch and the bottom part of the vat sticks its "tongue" out with the gloves and boots. Phineas puts them on and tests the stickiness.)

Phineas: Nailed it! 12% exactly! Of course, geckos don't have springs, so we added that part.

(Ferb bounces in the background and splats onto the roof of a house.)

Phineas: Grab a set!

(Song: History of Rock (instrumental))

(The gang puts on their own Gecko Gear sets.)

Phineas: We thought it might be fun to take a sticky tour around Danville today. Get out of the yard and stretch our polymers.

Isabella: (bounces) Let's go! (lands on the roof of the Flynn-Fletcher house) Cool!

(Ferb grabs onto the chimney. Baljeet hits the window and crashes on the ground.)

Baljeet: Ah! Oh! (giggles) My spring may be wound a little too tight.

Buford: I've been sayin' that for years.

Baljeet: (panicked yelling)

(Baljeet bounces all around.)

Phineas: Follow Baljeet!

Isabella: Yay!

Buford: Hey, am I the only one wondering where Perry is?



(Cut to Perry, he walks into a portrait of him with his family, which spins around. He comes out of a portrait of him, an unusually muscle-bound Major Monogram and Carl making the same pose as the portrait, and walks over to the screen.)

Major Monogram: Oh, hello, Agent P. That portrait turned out great, didn't it?

Carl: I left a copy on your desk there, Agent P.

Major Monogram: We clean up pretty nice there, don't we, Agent P? Anyhoo, Doofenshmirtz was up all night tinkering with his car. Now, we know he's not a car guy, so something is up. We've tracked him to the local grocery store. Go check on him, Agent P.

(Agent P salutes and takes off into his platy-car.)

Carl: Sir, are you flexing your arms in this one?

Major Monogram: No! No, I'm not! And if you happen to be looking for the beach, Carl, (flexes) it's that way.



(Cut to a frightened Candace at her test. She struggles to put her seatbelt on, while the instructor puts his on easily.)

Candace: (chuckles nervously)

(The instructor clicks his pen.)

Driving Instructor: Start the car.

Candace: Okay. Start the car. (She bumps her head on the overhead mirror.) Ow! Whoops. (giggles)

(The instructor just glares at her. Candace flips the mirror back up and starts the car. She attempts to merge onto the road, but a few cars pass by making it difficult for her to do so. Candace starts sweating. The instructor clicks his pen. Finally, after a large green Hummer, Candace drives onto the road.)



(Cut to Phineas and the gang jumping all over Danville. A woman looks shocked as she unintentionally overwaters her plants. Candace drives a little too carefully as she holds up traffic. Baljeet flies overhead. Ferb is spinning on a streetlight when Baljeet bumps into him, tying their goo into a knot. Baljeet laughs nervously at Ferb. Cut back to Candace, still struggling with her driving.)

Driving Instructor: Longer sustained movements are preferable.

(Cut to a window washer. Isabella bounces in and gives him a hand, followed by Phineas, and Isabella again. Cut back to Candace. The driving instructor clicks his pen again and writes. Candace groans.)



(Cut to a grocery store. The Gitchee Gitchee muzak plays. The automatic door opens revealing Doof wheeling his shopping cart. Perry lands in front of him.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, hello, Perry the Platypus! You shop here, too? Do you need a basket? (laughs)

(Doof throws a basket over Perry, trapping him.)

Doofenshmirtz: Funny, I've never thought about you shopping. Aw, your little cart with your little groceries! You're... You're a complete mystery to me. You can relate to this big problem I have. Don't you hate it when you get stuck in traffic coming home from the store and you have ice cream and other perishables? Don't ask why I don't have any bags. Anyway, then everything starts melting and... hold on.

(Doof puts his shopping cart away properly.)

Doofenshmirtz: Yes, of course, I return the cart. I'm evil, not a monster. Anyway, behold the Red-Green-Shift-inator! It can turn street lights from red to green, and get me home before my groceries get grosser...ies. There's... There's something in there. I'll... I'll workshop it later. Anyway, I simply press this button, and switcharooney!

(The inator switches a red stoplight to a green one, followed by several others, as cars stop short.)

Doofenshmirtz: Look, I know what you're thinking. This could be dangerous with traffic and all. But have you had room temperature tuna, Perry the Platypus? That's the real danger. That's the collapse of society right there.

(Doof gets in his car and starts her up.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, things are a-thawin'. Toodles!

(Perry falls off the roof of the car, breaking his trap, setting him free. He pushes his key fob to get his platy-car.)



(Cut back to Candace in her driving test.)

Candace: Okay, I know you want me to go left, but can't I technically make three rights to make a left? I mean, I know two wrongs don't make a right, but three rights do make a left, right?

(The instructor clicks his pen.)

Candace: (hitting her head on the steering wheel) Ugh.

Phineas: Hey! There's Candace taking her test! Go, Candace!

Isabella: You got this!

Baljeet: Go, Candace! You got this, girl!

Buford: You got this, Candace! Don't get nervous and make a series of bad decisions that cause you to fail your driver's test and haunt ya for the rest of yer life!

(The rest of the gang glares at Buford.)

Isabella: Buford!

Buford: What? I told her not to do that!

Candace: Phineas and Ferb, I am busting your biscuits!

(She slams on the glove box, which opens to show a pink helmet and driving gloves.)

Candace: (to the instructor) Buckle up, dude, it's about to get real!

(She revs up the clutch and turns on the left blinker.)

(Song: License to Bust)

Candace: ♪ I've followed the rules, ♪

♪ Obeying all of the signs ♪

♪ I'm not incurring any traffic fines ♪

♪ I'm only passing on a dotted white line ♪

♪ I'm not distracted by the traffic noise ♪



♪ I paid attention in my driver's ed class, ♪

♪ I'm fully focused, hoping I'm gonna pass, ♪

♪ I popped my clutch and put my foot on the gas, ♪

♪ You know I'm gonna bust those boys ♪



♪ I got a license to bust ♪

♪ Full throttle, full thrust ♪

♪ Put my pedal to the metal ♪

♪ Go and eat my dust ♪

♪ I've got a license to bust, ♪

♪ In the handbook we trust ♪

♪ Ten and two, ♪

♪ I've checked the view ♪

♪ In busting you, ♪

♪ I got a license to bust! ♪

♪ I've got a license to bust, ♪

♪ I got a license to bust, ♪

♪ I got a license to bust, ♪

♪ You know I’ve got a license to bust! ♪

(Candace drives up to the Danville Park.)

Candace: Park! Mom!



(Cut to Perry in pursuit of Doof, who is continuing to zap all the stoplights. Perry uses his grappling hook to save a pedestrian from getting hit by a truck. He then uses a stop sign to save a mother duck and her ducklings from being run over. Cut to two movers with a glass pane and a bus.)

Bus driver: Oh!

(Perry takes the wheel of the bus to move it away from the movers.)

Mover 1: (lets go) Phew!

(The glass shatters.)

Mover 2: (grunts)



(Cut to Mom reading a book on a park bench. The car pulls up.)

Candace: Mom, get in!

Linda: Uh... okay.

(She gets into the backseat.)

Candace: You gotta see what the boys are doing! I'm hot on their trail!

(Candace floors it.)



(Wipe down back to Perry who catches up to Doof and gets in the shotgun window.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus! Yes, yes, I've acquired a few more things that need to get somewhere fast. There's an expectant mother, a magician holding his breath, and an ice sculpture of a pregnant magician holding her breath. Don't ask. It's been a weird day. Perry the Platypus, I'm not even breaking any laws, the lights are green. You're trying to get me to break the law. This is entrapment!

(Perry and Doof fight for the controls and the willy-nilly firing starts again. A red stop sign turns green. A red fire hydrant also turns green. The colors of a watermelon a man is eating switches. And a pizza also becomes green.)

Hipster: Pesto? I ordered marinara!

(Cut to a cute couple observing trees.)

Woman 1: Summer's great, but fall's my favorite.

(The inator zaps the tree the couple is looking at making the green leaves red.)

Man 1: It's always about you, isn't it, Janice?

(Cut to Phineas and Ferb sticking to a wall. The inator switches their hair colors.)

Phineas: Hey! Cool hair!

Ferb: Back atcha!



(Cut to Danville hospital. Doof car pulls up to the patient entrance and drops off the pregnant woman.)

Doofenshmirtz: Good luck! Heinz is a great name. For a boy or a girl, I'm just saying! Isn't that lovely, Perry the Platypus?

(After a beat, Perry kicks him and the high-speed ride resumes. The car crashes into an under construction barrier for a parking garage. Phineas and the gang swing in that direction. Mom's station wagon pulls up.)

Driving Instructor: And you'll finish ups by parallel parking right over there.

(Candace drives ahead. Cut to the gang, who begin slipping off the wall.)

Isabella: Oh, no! What's going on?

Phineas: The Gecko Gear is getting dirty and losing its stick.

(The gang fall off.)

The gang: (screaming)

(Baljeet lands first and the rest of the gang bounce off him and they laugh.)



(Cut to the DMV. Candace successfully parallel parks the car, unbuckles and runs out.)

Candace: I'll be right back!

(The instructor looks back at Mom, who simply smiles and shrugs.)



(Candace catches up to the gang.)

Candace: (panting) Wait! Where are your stick hand thingies? I gotta show Mom!

Phineas: We were done. They're right over there. Wait, how did the test go?

Candace: (clasps her hands and giggles evily before leaving)



(Wipe right back to Doof and Perry slap fighting each other in the car. The car crashes into another barrier and careens off the ramp.)

Doofenshmirtz: (caresses Perry) I hope I'm insured for thiiiiiiiiiiis!

(The car bounces off the Gecko Gear, which sticks to the front bumper. The car flips in the air as everything inside it, including the magician, the ice sculpture, and Doof's groceries, fall out to the Six Million Dollar Man sound effect in slow motion.)



(Cut to a couple on a date about to clink glasses when they look up. The ice sculpture lands on their table.)

Woman 2: (gasps) A pregnant magician? You remembered our first date!

(Cut to the stage of a magic show. The magician in the water torture tank lands on the stage and emerges from out of it for a spectacular finale.)



(Cut back to Phineas and the gang. Some ice pops from Doof's groceries land in Phineas, Ferb, Isabella and Baljeet's hands.)

Buford: You guys get ice cream? (A pork loin lands in his hands.) Pork loin? Eh, I can work wit' dat.

Phineas: Oh, there you are, Perry!

Perry: (chatters)



(Cut to Doof's still airborne car.)

Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus!



(Cut back to the gang. Candace runs holding Mom's hand.)

Candace: Mom! Mom! Mom! But but but but...

Linda: I don't understand what has gotten into you, Candace.

Driving Instructor: Miss Flynn-Fletcher?

Candace: I know. I'll be riding my bike till I'm 35.

Driving Instructor: Well, if that's what you choose. But you can also drive a car. You passed.

Candace: I did?

Linda: That's wonderful, honey!

Driving Instructor: In the face of the craziest traffic, I have never seen more alert and focused driving in all my life. This is the thrill I've been waiting for! By the way, I have two sisters I always wanted to bust.

(Cut to two girls juggling flaming chainsaws.)

Sisters: And you never will get us, Brian!

(Cut back to the instructor on his phone.)

Brian: Mother, you have got to see what the girls are doing! But but but but...

(The gang approach Candace as Phineas gives Candace an ice pop.)

Phineas: Congratulations, Candace!

Candace: Thanks, guys! Okay, who wants to go for a ride?

Linda: Wait a second, did you guys do something with your hair?

Phineas: You like it?

Candace: Wait, that you notice?



(Cut to the car driving up to the Flynn-Fletcher house.)

Candace: The thing they used to build these things is still in the backyard. Come on!

(Zoom out to reveal Doof's car sticking the vat out of the backyard.)

Candace: But but but...

(Dad walks out of the garage polishing Candace's bike.)

Linda: Candace, you did such a great job driving us all home!

(Dad looks up when he hears what his wife told Candace and sheepishly backs away.)

♪ I got a license to bust ♪

♪ Full throttle, full thrust ♪

♪ Put my pedal to the metal ♪

♪ Go and eat my dust ♪

♪ I've got a license to bust, ♪

♪ In the handbook we trust ♪

♪ Ten and two, ♪

♪ I've checked the view ♪

♪ In busting you, ♪

♪ I got a license to bust! ♪

♪ I've got a license to bust, ♪

♪ I got a license to bust, ♪

♪ I got a license to bust, ♪

♪ You know I've got a license to bust! ♪

