(Scene opens on Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. Doof's latest inator is powering up.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha ha! At last! An inator above all other inators! The one that will finally...

(The inator stops working, and Doof blinks twice.)

Doofenshmirtz: Uh... (zoom out to reveal the building's power is out again.) Oh, wait. Hold on.

(Vanessa enters with messy hair in her bathrobe and carrying her unplugged hair dryer.)

Vanessa: What the heck, Dad?!

(Cut to Norm attempting to turn the blender on.)

Norm: Looks like I can't finish making your smoothie, sir.

Doofenshmirtz: (flipping the switch as nothing happens) Norm, I told you not to use the blender while I'm powering up. 

(Norm's smile becomes a frown as his head sinks into his body.)

Doofenshmirtz: (carrying a flashlight) Now I've got to walk all the way down and flip the whatever that thing is called.

Norm: The breaker, sir.

Doofenshmirtz: No. You're the breaker. I'm the fixer.

Vanessa: Sorry, Norm. He gets hangry without his smoothie.

Norm: At this point, all my pain sensors have numbed.

(Cut to the fusebox room.)

Doofenshmirtz: Nothin'. Looks like the whole building's out. (gasps) Look at me and my shorting power! It's so evil, I love it!

(Cut to the fitness center. A disheveled man is running on a treadmill next to one that is out of order. Doof passes by.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait, we have a gym down here? Ooh.

(Doof looks up and sees a hanging lightbulb from the ceiling operating.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hey, the electricity's out. Are you... Are you powering that treadmill all by yourself?

Man 1: Hi. Yeah. I'm just running through my heartache.

Doofenshmirtz: Look, I don't need your life story. Spoiler alert: You die at the end.

(The man stops running on the treadmill, making the lightbulb turn off.)

Doofenshmirtz Wait, start running again.

(The man resumes running on the treadmill and the lightbulb turns back on.)

Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) When you run, the bulb lights up with human power. (gasps) Aha! I can use human power to power my End-All-Be-All-inator! I just have to channel the energy to my power bank upstairs. (Doof opens the window and calls upstairs.) Norm, drop an extension cord out the window, would ya?

(Doof watches as an extension cord falls to the ground.)

Doofenshmirtz: (sighs and dials his phone) Okay, I sorry I was not clear enough, apparently. Find another extension cord, but this time, you hold onto one end of it.

Norm: (offscreen) You've got it! Here it comes!

(Doof hangs up and watches as Norm falls to the ground with the extension cord. Doof facepalms himself. Rotate wipe to later as he watches his clothes fall.)

Doofenshmirtz: (dials phone) No, those are my clothes.

(Rotate wipe to a huge pile of extension cords. Another one falls onto the pile.)

Doofenshmirtz: This... This is why I have so many extension cords. (dials phone) Okay, now tell me, is one end of the cord plugged into the power bank?

Norm: Yes, do I jump now?

Doofenshmirtz: No, no! No jumping! No jumping! Uh, y'know what? Just give the phone to Vanessa. Could you get—? Thank you. Vanessa, I have some very specific instructions for— (An extension cord finally drops out of the sky the way Doof wants.) Oh, thank you, sweetie! (hangs up) I mean, if I don't harness it, this human power is just wasted. (He plugs the treadmill into the extension cord. To the man on the treadmill.) Keep running, dude. Keep running. Keep running.

Man 1: (stops running) That's all I've been able to do since my breakup.

Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, yeah. Tell your story running. C'mon. Keep it up! Knees higher! Knees higher! Oh, yeah! You've got good form! Look at you fitter in no time, and nothing makes an ex want you back more than a revenge bod! Right? Amirite?

Man 1: Hey, you're a pretty good trainer! Thanks, man.

Doofenshmirtz: Ah! That's the first time anyone's actually listened to me! (dials phone) Norm, did you hear that?

Norm: (on phone) I wasn't listening, sir. But the power bank is charging and the lights are back on.

Doofenshmirtz: Hey, if I can get everyone in town to exercise, I can tap into all this free electricity, store up the surplus and use it to take over the Tri-State Area! I'm gonna need a lot more treadmills.

Man 1: And I get a revenge bod.

Doofenshmirtz: Less talking, more running.



(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. Isabella enters the backyard.)

Isabella: Whatcha doin'?

Phineas: Ahoy, Isabella! Feast your eyes on the Asphalt Wave!

(Zoom out to reveal the rest of the gang working on a boat.)

Baljeet: Ferb has discovered a way to temporarily alter road surface modules from a solid to a liquid state around the hull. Fascinating!

Phineas: Geophysics got nothin' on Ferb!

Buford: Okay, layman's terms?

Phineas: We can basically boat the boulevards. We got the idea because Candace and Jeremy are on a boat ride at the lake today.

Isabella: Aww, that's so romantic!

Phineas: I guess. But she specifically told us to not go anywhere near them. So we're gonna boat on the roads.

Buford: So we're just plagiarizin' them?!

Ferb: It's not plagiarism, it's an homage.

Buford: Po-tay-to, po-tay-to.

Phineas: Let's give 'er a whirl!

(The gang get in the boat and put on their lifejackets. Ferb puts on a captain's hat and pushes the green button, starting 'er up, and turning the ground into liquid.)

The gang: Bon voyage!

(Ferb puts the boat into reverse backing out of the driveway.)

Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?



(Cut to Perry looking from inside the garage. He pushes a button and a pneumatic tube emerges from the ceiling, sucking him into his lair.)

Major Monogram: Hello, Agent P. Doof has purchased a ton of exercise equipment. Stair climbers, dumbbells, smartbells, you name it. And he's been spotted around town wearing... (shudders) ...athleisure wear! I mean, is it athletic or is it leisure? Pick a lane! (A TV monitor descends from the ceiling as Carl enters.) What's even more disturbing is this infomercial Doof has been broadcasting. Hit play, Carl.

Carl: Hitting play.

(Zoom in on the TV.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hate working out, but also hate paying for it? Well, come on down to Doofnasium, where I will personally motivate you to pump out iron for free!

(Zoom in on Vanessa wearing a headband and her usual outfit, lifting one 3-lb. dumbbell.)

Vanessa: (flatly) Check out these gains. Thank you, Doofnasium.

Doofenshmirtz: And, guess what? You get all of this for four easy payments of FREE!

Norm: Zero! Zip! ¡Nada dinero!

Doofenshmirtz: And there's no cancellation fee because you never have to cancel! (solemnly) But don't do it for me. Do it for them.

(Crossfade to a dramatic montage of empty exercise equipment in the style of the ASPCA ads.)

Vanessa: ♪ In the arms of a treadmill... ♪

Doofenshmirtz: Right now, there's an elliptical who needs you. Don't you have some time to spare for these poor lonely treadmills?

Vanessa: (stroking a treadmill) I didn't save him. He saved me.

Doofenshmirtz: Again, it's free! I can't wait to use you, I mean, see you...

Doofenshmirtz, Vanessa, Norm and Man 1: At the Doofnasium!

Norm: (reading disclaimer rapidly) Doofnasiumisnotliableforanyinjuryinherentriskemotionaldamageordeathyoushouldconsultyourdoctorbeforestartinganewfitnessprogramdoofnasiumbearsnoresponsibilityforanything!

(Monogram mutes the ad.)

Major Monogram: And it keeps going like that for another twenty minutes. Get to the bottom of it, Agent P.

(Perry salutes and gets sucked up the tube.)

Carl: Should I turn it off, sir?

Major Monogram: No. It's disturbingly compelling.



(Zoom in on the ad to crossfade to the Doofnasium where many people are working out.)

(Song: Doofnasium)

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ Do you wanna be strong as a tank, ♪

♪ But you need a gym that won't break the bank? ♪

♪ You'll sweat so much that you'll really stank ♪

♪ But when you see the results, you'll be sure to thank ♪

♪ Me! ♪



♪ When you come on down to Doofnasium ♪

♪ Don't sit on the couch and be a lazy bum ♪

♪ If you want things that are crazy-um ♪

♪ Just come on down today ♪



♪ Your membership is free-sium ♪

♪ We just want your energy-sium ♪

♪ Don't make us beg you please-ium ♪

♪ You'll win back your fiancée ♪

♪ Who doesn't even deserve you! ♪



♪ Doofnasium! ♪



(Cut to Phineas and the gang boating on the boulevard. Isabella takes the wheel from Phineas. They boat into Danville Park and pass by a man on a bench eating a sub. The bench and the sub sink into the ground. The man just eats the sub. Cut to the lake where Jeremy and Candace are on a boat.)

Candace: (sighs) What can be better than this? A beautiful day.

Jeremy: A delicious picnic.

Candace: And a romantic boat ride.

Jeremy: I can think of something better.

(Candace and Jeremy lean in to kiss, but...)

Phineas: (the boat passes by in the background) Hey, Candace! Hey, Jeremy!

Candace: Phineas and Ferb?! (Getting mad) Oh, that is too bustable!

(Candace goes to the motor, revs it up to follow them.)

Jeremy: Uh, Candace? Whoa!

(The boat goes over a ski jump and lands on the pathway following Phineas' boat.)

Candace: You guys ARE SO BUSTED!!!!



(Cut to Perry entering the Doofnasium.)

Doofenshmirtz: (over loudspeaker) You can do it! You're almost there!

(Perry looks at the equipment's plugs powering up Doof's inator, which is halfway charged.)

Doofenshmirtz: Keep breathing! She never loved you! Your gains are my gains! And squat!

Perry: (chatters)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, it's you! At first, I was like, "Who is that scrawny wimp?" 

(Doof pushes a button, trapping Perry onto a stationary bike.)

Doofenshmirtz: But it was you! Start pedaling! It's leg day, people! Leg day! Whoop whoop!

(Doof pulls on an airhorn coming out of Norm's head, but it doesn't work.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great. It's not working. Pyeow! Pyeow!

(The exercisers cheer.)



(Cut back to a smiling Candace in hot pursuit of Phineas and the gang. Jeremy screams along the way.)

Jeremy: We're losin' 'em!

Candace: We are not losing 'em! (takes out a fishing pole) This chase is about to get "reel"!

(Candace casts the fishing line, which attaches to the boat's motor. Candace and Jeremy scream as their boat crashes into a traffic light. They use one of the broken planks as a makeshift waterski.)

Phineas: Looks like we picked up some gravel skiers! Lookin' good, guys!

Candace: Ah! Jeremy, get my phone out of my pocket and call my mom!

Jeremy: Your mom? Not, oh, I don't know, the highway patrol?!



(Song: Forever Summer (instrumental))

(Cut to Bobbi's Hair Salon. Mom's hair is being curled by Bobbi as she answers her phone.)

Linda: Candace?

Jeremy: (on phone) Uh, Mrs. Flynn-Fletcher?

Linda: Oh, Jeremy, is that you?

Jeremy: Yes, ma'am.

Candace: (yelling over phone) Tell Mom she has to bust the boys!

Linda: Is that Candace I hear in the background?

(Cut back to Jeremy and Candace.)

Jeremy: Yes, ma'am. She wants to, uh...

(Cut back to Mom.)

Candace: Oh, I know what she wants.

(Cut back to the chase as the Asphalt Wave passes by a construction worker tarring a part of the road. He sighs but then caught off-guard when Candace and Jeremy ski on the tar.)

Jeremy: Mrs. Flynn-Fletcher, Candace wants you to—

(Cut to Mom.)

Linda: So, Jeremy, how is your mother? I haven't seen her in ages.

Jeremy: (on phone) Um, my mother's fine, thank you.

Linda: Her hydrangeas look so good.

(Cut to Jeremy.)

Linda: (on phone) Do you know what kind of fertilizer she uses?

Jeremy: No, ma'am, but...

(Cut back to Mom.)

Candace: (on phone) Hydrangeas?! Jeremy!



(Cut back to the Doofnasium. The Inator's charge increases.)

Doofenshmirtz: Yes! It's almost full! Come on, people! Ha ha! I have the power! Time to fire the End-All-Be-All-inator! I almost have too much power!

(Perry pedals faster, causing the inator to overload.)

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, that's enough. Wait, no! It's too much electricity! It's gonna blow! Okay, gym's closed! That's it! You're all buff enough! Stop... Stop pedaling! It's too much! It's too much!

(A lightbulb above his head breaks.)

Doofenshmirtz: (gasps) Idea! I'll plug in more appliances to use up the electricity! Like this!

(Doof plugs Vanessa's hair dryer into an extension cord and turns it on, overloading it. He does the same with Norm's blender and Norm.)

Doofenshmirtz: This! This!

(The blenders and Norm short fuse.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, come on!

(A woman walks past Perry carrying a protein shake. Perry takes the shake and downs it, and gets off the bike. He approaches Doof attempting to unplug the equipment and kicks him onto a treadmill, which activates.)

Doofenshmirtz: Aagh! Can we not do this on the treadmill? We're just generating more power. Will you stop?! Listen to me!

Man 2: Hey, I think he's starting another class!

Man 3: Cool, I'm in!

Woman: Me, too!

(The people on the treadmill imitate Doof's fighting movements while running.)



(Cut back to Jeremy and Candace still pursuing the gang.)

Jeremy: Oh, career plans? Uh, probably a couple years of community college and...

Candace: Jeremy, come on! (gasps; sees the salon up ahead) The salon! Tell my mom she has to look out the front window in ten seconds!

Jeremy: Uh, look out the window of the salon in ten seconds, ma'am!

(Cut to Mom getting her hair dried.)

Linda: (annoyed) Oh, alrighty... (glances at the screen deadpanned)

Candace: (on phone) Ten! Nine! Eight...



(Cut back to Doof fighting Perry on the treadmill. Perry turns the dial of the treadmill up to MAX, causing Doof to fly off the treadmill and bump into an exercise ball and bounce onto a hanging lamp.)

Doofenshmirtz: Not all my electricity! Curse your gains, Perry the Platypus!

(Perry goes to the inator and unplugs the equipment, causing a power surge all over Danville.)



(Cut to Candace.)

Candace: Two...

(Cut to Mom.)

Candace: (over phone) One! Now!

(The boat passes the salon. Mom turns around, but the power surge affects the hair dryer, frizzing up her hair, which covers her eyes.)

Linda: Oh, who turned out the lights?

(Candace and Jeremy pass by in slow motion.)

Candace: (in slow distorted audio) Mom!

(Linda lifts up her hair just in time for Candace and Jeremy to be just out of eyesight; she looks and sees nothing, scowls annoyed, then sits back under the dryer. Cut to Candace and Jeremy getting knocked off the water ski to the sidewalk as the Asphalt Waves pulls over, being affected by the power surge.)

Candace: Whoaaa!!!

Phineas: Uh-oh! Looks like it's overloading. Everyone, abandon ship!

(The boat sinks into the ground. Mom and Bobbi emerge from the salon.)

Bobbi Fabulous: You look fabulous!

Candace: (whining, drops to her knees) But, but, but, but, but...



(Crossfade to the Farmer and his Wife underground.)

Farmer's Wife: You move us down here because you discovered an underground lake, but we have no way to get around on it! Did ya think a boat would just ooze out of the Earth's crust?

(The Asphalt Wave oozes out of the Earth's crust and lands on the lake, splashing the Wife as the Farmer blows an airhorn in celebration.)

