(Scene opens on the backyard. Buford is standing there all by himself.

Buford: Hmmm... Feels like somethin' is missin'.

(Enter Baljeet.)

Baljeet: Buford, what have you done?

Buford: You're gonna hafta wait for my tell-all memoir just like everyone else.

(Enter Isabella.)

Isabella: Whatcha do—Oh, it's just you.

Baljeet: The more pressing question is, "Where are Phineas and Ferb?"

Isabella: Wait. What's this button?

(Buford steps away to reveal a button that says "Press me". Isabella does so, and it activates hologram recordings of the boys.)

Phineas hologram: Hey, gang, Ferb and I are hanging out with Mom this afternoon, so make yourselves at home till we get back. In the meantime...

Ferb hologram: Nature abhors a vacuum.

Phineas hologram: Feel free to get started without us. See ya soon. (to Ferb hologram) Hologram tricks!

(The two holograms do some funny business over this conversation. Phineas removes his head and Ferb floats in a meditative state.)

Baljeet: Whoo! Opportunity! We can carpe our own diem! (unrolls a blueprint) How about Radical Barbarian Battles?

Isabella: Origami mech suits?

Buford: Anti-gravity water slides?

Baljeet: What about your Bread Bowl Hot Tub?

Buford: I don't wanna stew with just you two.

Isabella: Well, we have to do something. We can't have nothing to show for our day when Phineas gets here.

Baljeet: And Ferb.

Isabella: Yes, and Ferb. (She gasps as she notices the holograms suddenly sitting on her head. Ferb is reeling in Phineas' head with a fishing pole.) Is there an off switch?

Phineas hologram: Hey, where is Perry?



(Cut to a bush. Perry puts on a miner's cap and drops into an open mine shaft. Bats escape from it. Perry drops into his lair, and replaces his miner's cap with his fedora.)

Major Monogram: Howdy, Agent P. Doof's been experimenting with recombinant DNA. And it isn't pretty.

Carl: Whatever you're thinking it is, it's much worse.

Major Monogram: Get over there ASAP. Just... maybe do it on an empty stomach.

(Perry's chair spins around and springs him into action.)



(Cut to the backyard. Isabella walks in carrying a flowerpot and Baljeet had boxes of blueprints.)

Isabella: I'm usually here, and Phineas is usually right beside me.

Baljeet: (drops boxes) No! This is my spot! You go just here. And Buford...

(Buford brings out Doof's couch from "Cloudy With a Chance of Mom".)

Buford: Spread out, you two! Spread out! Right here is where I do my best commenting and quipping.

Baljeet: This could be a chance for me to shine as an individual.

Isabella: For us to shine together.

Baljeet: Yes, for us to make me shine together.

(Buford throws some T-shirts at Baljeet and Isabella that say "Assistant 1" and "Assistant 2".)

Buford: Here, put these on. They'll help me remember your names while we're workin' on my invention.

Isabella: You two keep yappin'! I'm gonna work on my own idea.

Buford: Fine! We all build our own thing! May the best man win!

Baljeet: It is not a contest, Buford! (quietly) But I am so going to win.

(Song: Ready for the Bettys (instrumental))

(Montage of Isabella, Buford and Baljeet working on their own projects.)

(Zoom out to Candace spying.)

Candace: To bust or not to bust. Eh, they're not my brothers, so I'm not sure it'd even count. But maybe if Mom sees this, it'll lend a little credence to all the other things I told her about. Yes! (She suddenly is holding two pairs of binoculars.) To bust!



(Cut to D.E.I., where even the jingle singers are squeamish.)

♪ It's a little bit gross in here... ♪

(Perry flies in on his jet pack and lands in some ooze. Pan left to reveal Doof's lab entirely covered in green slime. Perry steps onto a platform and is trapped as usual.)

Doofenshmirtz: (offscreen, gravelly voice) Perry the Platypus, how nice of you to bug me.

(A mothman emerges from a pod of green ooze.)

Doofenshmirtz: Which is appropriate because... Behold...

(Perry looks really concerned.)

Doofenshmirtz: I have evolved!

(Perry holds back some puke.)

Doofenshmirtz: Thanks to my pupa-inator. See I saw this documentary on how butterflies evolved from the pupa and they get their wings and become their best selves! So I made myself a pupa-inator so that I can become my best self and therefore take over the Tri-State Area! What, what, what? it's not good? It's... It's no bueno? What? I guess I haven't looked at myself in the mirror. Lemme... (sees his reflection) Oh! Oh, man, I'm not a beautiful butterfly at all! I'm a big gross moth thingy! (He looks at his lab coat, which has bite marks all over it.) Well, I guess that explains the strange urge to eat clothes. Maybe I should just turn myself back into a—

(Perry nods in agreement.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wai-wai-wait! Or... go with me here... I make everyone else a moth. Cuz, y'know, like in a city of men, I'm like a four at best. But in a city of mothmans, who knows? I could be like a... like a six!

(Perry notices some wires hanging from his trap and flips himself.)

Doofenshmirtz: Let's find out. Huh?

(Perry escapes from his trap. Perry hurls himself toward Doof, but Doof eats the top of his fedora. Perry looks at his hat, now with loose wiring inside.)

Doofenshmirtz: Mmmm, oh. That lining, delicious. I'm gonna be in my closet looking for more hats.

(Perry barrel rolls and beeps his watch.)

Major Monogram: Your hat, Agent P! If the microchip in your fedora's been damaged, our entire security system could be compromised! You must report immediately to the OWCA haberdasher and get a new hat with a new chip.

Carl: Oh, Agent P, be careful!

Major Monogram: We'll text you the coordinates.

(Perry looks scared and then runs back to his jetpack.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus. More hat. Doofmoth needs more hat.



(Cut to Candace pacing in the kitchen on her phone.)

Candace: Mom, pick up. Mom, pick up. Mom, pick up. Mom, pick up.

(Cut to Phineas on the phone riding shotgun in Mom's car.)

Phineas: Y'ello? Linda Flynn-Fletcher's phone, Phineas speaking.

(Splitscreen to Candace.)

Candace: Gah! Phineas, please tell Mom there's, uh, something really cool in the backyard she needs to come and see.

Phineas: Really?

Candace: Oh, yes. Baljeet, Isabella, and Buford have been busy little bees.

Phineas: Yes! Good for them! Mom, let's head home! Candace wants us to see something!

Candace: EEE!

Linda: If I had a nickel for every time Candace promised to show me something and nothing was there, I'd have $5.20, which isn't a lot, but it's weird that it's happened a hundred and four times, right?

(Perry flies past the car in the direction of a hat-shaped building.)



(Cut to inside the building. There are many head mannequins wearing different kinds of hats, along with many hatboxes. The security system scans Perry.)

Computer: Unauthorized attire.

(A giant mallet swings toward Perry, and he flips away from it. The mannequins "look" in the direction of Agent P and suddenly, the walls begin closing in on him, and the mannequins rush toward him. Perry uses his secret agent skills to escape from them. Once he is safe, he is confronted by a mysterious shadow. He looks toward it in horror. Cut to what appears to be a giant spider-like robot with its head shaped like a top hat and bowtie with a tuxedo shirt. POV shot of the robot, which scans Perry, and confirms his identity. The robot deactivates. From the top of the robot emerges a rather odd-looking and eccentrically dressed short man, the Haberdasher.)

Haberdasher: Agent P? In my shop? Is it my birthday? Trapdoors and birthdays are so hard to keep track of, don't you find? (shakes Agent P's hand vigorously, gasps) Good gracious, your hat! Looks like something took a bite out of it.

(Perry nods.)

Haberdasher: That explains the security bots mistaking you for a threat. Have to admit, seeing you in action back there with all the flipping and the platypussing, wow, just great! I've often fantasized about being in the field, you know, seeing some action. (laughs) I don't get out much. (His hat pours him a cup of tea.) No time for sunlight, really. Hats to sew, weapons to build. (He signs an invoice.) Evil doesn't rest, and neither do we, right? (laughs) Ooh, listen to me, rambling on! We must get you a new hat. This way.

(Perry walks in his direction but falls through a trap door.)

Haberdasher: Oh, you found the trap door! Clever! I'll take the stairs.



(Cut to the backyard. Baljeet, Isabella and Buford are looking at their creations, but we never get a good luck at what they made as we only see it in closeup.)

Isabella: Well, there they are.

Baljeet: Yep. There they are.

Buford: Hmmm. How do I put this delicately? It's not our best work.

Baljeet: Not even our second best.

Isabella: We can't show these to Phineas.

Baljeet: And Ferb. Wait, this is gonna sound crazy, but what if we combined our efforts?

Buford: That's crazy! So crazy it just might work!



(Cut back to the haberdashery. Perry lands onto a pile of hats. An elevator dings behind him, which opens to reveal the Haberdasher emerging from a staircase.)

Haberdasher: Let's see if we can find you the perfect replacement hat.

(Perry gestures toward a mannequin head wearing a fedora.)

Haberdasher: I mean, sure. But don't you think it's time for an upgrade? Ha ha ha!

(They walk towards a hat with a compass, some gears, electronics, and a lightbulb.)

Haberdasher: Ooh! My latest model. Teleportation hat. Takes you anywhere you want to go. (He activates the hat.) Hugely experimental, but I have so many others to choose from!

(Song: I Have a Hat For That)

Haberdasher: ♪ Would you like a bowler? Would you like a fez? ♪

♪ A date night cap that can remember everything she says ♪

♪ A visor that can sniff out trouble ♪

♪ Boil tea and blow a bubble, ♪

♪ I have a hat for that ♪



♪ Would you prefer a top hat that can shoot out flames? ♪

♪ A sombrero with periscope could help you with your aim ♪

♪ A French beret that really slays ♪

♪ It comes in blues and blacks and grays, ♪

♪ I have a hat for that ♪



♪ A boater with a narrow brim. that sprays out gases (very grim) ♪

♪ A beanie with a map for the explorer ♪

♪ A driving cap for getaways, that navigates the motorways ♪

♪ But you look like a fan of the fedora ♪



(Perry nods.)

Haberdasher: ♪ Whatever kind of headgear you've been dreaming of, ♪

♪ I have the latest this and that and all of the above ♪

♪ A topper that is prim and proper ♪

♪ For my number one crime stopper, ♪

♪ I have a hat for that! ♪

♪ Yes, I ♪

♪ Have a hat ♪

♪ For that ♪



Oh, but I don't do shoes, that's two doors down. You get the idea. But behind this curtain, Agent P, oh-ho-ho, is my masterpiece. Allow me to present...

(He pulls the rope to reveal... Doof-Moth devouring the hat.)

Doofenshmirtz: Mmm. The plaid is delicious, by the way.

Haberdasher: Oooh, Doofenshmirtz! But why does he look like that? And how did he get in? And what—Oh, I see. He ate your hat. He must've swallowed the security chip. That's how he got inside.

Doofenshmirtz: (growls) Mine. Mine. Hat's mine! (He flies all over the room in search of hats to chew.)

Haberdasher: Oh, now, this is exciting!

(Perry knocks the Doof-Moth down.)

Haberdasher: (throwing a football helmet to Agent P) That's my touchdown topper.

(Perry puts on the helmet, and the top spits out some footballs at Doof-Moth, but the Doof-Moth dodges them and takes the helmet off him and eats it.)

Haberdasher: (throws what looks like a fire helmet to Perry) Gives new meaning to the term "bug spray". Ha ha!

(Perry puts it on and a hose comes out of it, aiming at Doof-Moth, who once again avoids it and takes the hat for seconds. Perry climbs up a ladder and jumps onto a hanging lamp, and jumps onto the Doof-Moth.)

Haberdasher: Try this one!

(The Haberdasher throws a pith helmet toward Perry. He puts it on, and a giraffe head pops out of it, bumping into the ceiling.)

Haberdasher: Don't remember designing that one. Okay, then. I'm all out of hats.

(The teleportation hat appears.)

Haberdasher: What are we gonna do, Agent P?

(Perry puts on the teleportation hat and disappears into it.)

(Cut to outside the Haberdashery. Whip pan right to D.E.I. A green flash appears on the balcony. Cut back to inside the Haberdashery.)

Haberdasher: Agent P?

(The Doof-Moth ominously floats toward the Haberdasher.)



(Cut back to the backyard.)

Isabella: Wow!

Baljeet: That is amazing!

Buford: Yeah, who would've thought that three completely disparate elements would go together so seamlessly?

Baljeet: (raises hand) I would have.

Buford: Yeah, but ya didn't.

Isabella: I can't wait for Phineas to see it!

Baljeet: And Ferb.

Isabella: And Ferb.

Baljeet: They are going to be so proud of us.

Buford: Ooh! Let's throw a tarp over it, y'know, for the big reveal!

(They do so. And a car is heard pulling up.)

Isabella: I think I hear their car!

(Cut to the front yard. Mom's car pulls up to the garage.)


Candace:

Mom! Mom!

Mom! Mom!

Mom! Mom! Mom!




Isabella:

Phineas! Phineas! Phineas!




Isabella: Come on, come on, come on!



(Cut back to the Haberdashery, which has had all of its hats devoured.)

Doofenshmirtz: I guess there's no more hats to eat. Hatmaker will do.

Haberdasher: Uh, you should wait for Agent P. I'm not really much of an action guy, no.

(Cut back to D.E.I. The green flash appears on the balcony. Whip pan left back to the Haberdashery, and a green light is seen in the windows. Cut to inside. The teleportation hat appears and out of it emerges Doof's pupa-inator, followed by Agent P. The Haberdasher fires the inator at Doof, but the beam ricochets right out the building, and bounces off a satellite.)



(Cut to the backyard. Buford is checking under the tarp, while Baljeet clasps his hands and giggles in anticipation. The inator beam hit the tarp, transforming whatever the invention was into a giant moth-like abomination. Buford and Baljeet yelp in fear as the abomination flies away.)

Baljeet: Well, that was weird.

(Isabella drags Phineas into the yard, as Ferb follows, followed by Candace dragging her mom.)

Isabella: Look, look, look!

Candace: Look, look, look!

(Pull out to reveal, as usual, the backyard empty. Split-screen to Candace and Isabella's reactions.)

Isabella and Candace: But but but but but but but but but but...

Linda: I'm just gonna add that to my tab. Cha-ching!

Buford: Nobody thought to take a picture?



(Cut back to the Haberdashery. The Haberdasher shakes while holding the inator. Agent P gets off his head and grabs the inator. As the Doof-Moth hurtles toward them, Perry switches the dial from moth back to human and fires at Doof, who crashes into a pile of hatboxes. As the black smoke clears, Doof is back to normal. A hatbox carrying an aviator cap bumps his head.)

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, great. (sighs) Great instinct turning me back into a human, Perry the Platypus. And frankly preferable to that whole "make everyone else into mothmans" thing, (puts on the aviator cap) 'cause, ya know, "reasons".

(The aviator cap buckles itself onto Doof's head and rocket launchers sprout out of him, making him fly out of the building.)

Doofenshmirtz: Aaaah! Thank you, Perry the Platypus!

Haberdasher: That's plenty of action for one day. Better to leave the fieldwork to the field agents and the hatmaker to his hats. (gives Perry a new fedora) If it ain't broken, no need to fix it.

(Perry replaces his old hat with the new one.)

Haberdasher: Speaking of broken, looks like it's time for a change of scenery.

(They walk out the door.)

Haberdasher: Can't have Heinz Doofenshmirtz with intimate knowledge of our location now, can we? (laughs)

(He presses a button on his cufflink and the building folds itself down, converting to a crazy Seussian fedora-shaped vehicle with propellers on top.)

Haberdasher: Be seeing you, Agent P. Oooh, happy birthday!

(The vehicle lowers into the ground, and Perry straps on his jetpack and flies off.)

♪ Perry! ♪



(Dissolve to D.E.I. Cut to Doof's kitchen, where Doof is pouring himself some socks into a cereal bowl. He takes a bite of a sock and spits it out.)

Doofenshmirtz: Blegh! Oh, why did I think that would taste good?

