(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to the backyard where Phineas and Ferb are reading issues of the Space Adventure comic book. Isabella approaches them upside-down.)
Isabella: Hey, guys! Whatcha doin'?
Phineas: Hey, Isabella!
(The screen flips to reveal that Phineas and Ferb were hanging upside-down from a tree branch. They descend from the branch onto the ground)
Phineas: Just reading some of the old Space Adventure issues.
Isabella: Upside-down?
Phineas: Issue 98. The crew ends up on a planet with reverse gravity.
(Buford approaches them.)
Isabella: Hey, Buford. Where's Baljeet?
Buford: What? Ya think I keep a detailed schedule of everything he does?
(Beat.)
Buford: (gets out a book labeled "Baljeet Chronicles, Volume V") All right, fine. (opens the book and puts on his reading glasses) Let's see. Tuesday, 9:00 am, Phineas and Ferb's backyard. He's late, but it's on here.
(Baljeet enters the backyard running and out of breath.)
Baljeet: Please help! The situation I am in is quite dire!
Phineas: What is it, Baljeet?
Baljeet: There is a new Space Adventure movie filming in Danville. (takes out a poster) The Namrak Necroslug. And I have been invited to audition!
Isabella: How'd you land that?
Baljeet: By chance. I ran into the director, Katherine Marshall, and she thought I would fit a particular role. A character called "Exterra".
Phineas: He sounds awesome!
Baljeet: (laughing) Yes, he does! But there is still one problem. I do not know how to act. I have a hard time pretending.
Isabella: What if we help set the scene for you?
Phineas: Isabella, that's it! If we bring the ice jungles of Namrak to life, Baljeet won't have to pretend. He can experience it for real! I know what we're gonna do today!

(Cut to the living room. Candace looks at her phone and has her headphones around her long neck.)
Candace: (sighs, puts on headphones) No better way to listen to the Lumberzacks than on repeat.
(Candace reclines and listens to "Chop Away at My Heart". During the song, she takes no heed to all the construction going on in the backyard out her window.)

(Song: Quirky Worky Song)
(Cut back to the construction.)
Phineas: Nice animatronics, Ferb.
(Ferb gives a thumbs up.)
Isabella: (to the Fireside Girls) Come on, ladies, those Prop Design Patches won't iron earn themselves!
Baljeet: And why is Buford filming this?
Buford: You can use it for your audition, and I can use it for my reel. (An assistant gives him a cup of coffee.) Thanks, Shane.
Baljeet: That does not explain how you got an assistant.
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(Cut to the kitchen. Perry approaches the wine glass cabinet and puts on his hat. He opens the door and clinks the glasses, which play his theme. As the shelves move, one of the glasses falls and shatters. Perry looks back to Candace, who is still resting her eyes while listening to her music. Perry sweeps up the glass and puts the shards into the garbage. He then goes shopping on his phone for a replacement and purchases it. The doorbell rings and Perry answers it.)
Delivery Man: (loudly) Wine glass delivery for "P. Platypus"?
(Perry gestures for him to keep it down and looks back at Candace, who is still listening to her music. Perry takes the package as the door slams. Perry once again looks back at Candace. He puts the glass onto the shelf and goes into the cabinet.)

(Cut to Perry's lair.)
Major Monogram: Hello there, Agent P. Doofenshmirtz's brother, Roger, is having another commemorative statue of himself— (scoffs) If I had a nickel for every time that's happened...
Carl: You'd have two nickels, sir.
Major Monogram: Yes, yes, I know how it goes, Carl. Anyhoo, the mayor is the public face of Danville. Do not let Doofenshmirtz ruin the ceremony.
(Agent P salutes and pulls a lever on his chair, which launches like a rocket.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Cut to inside. Perry appears to be walking a red carpet when some spotlights shine brightly on him. He shields his eyes. Zoom out to reveal Doof holding a disposable camera.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, come in, come in. I consider you a VIP, a very important platypus.
(Doof pushes a button behind his back and the red carpet rolls back, trapping Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: (laughs) And now you're imprisoned by your own celebrity. Now I suppose you're wondering why I have this large papier-mâché version of my own head. Don't worry, it will come into play soon. You see, ever since I was little, people have always forgotten my face. I was even voted Least Recognizable in high school.
(Doof opens a yearbook. Roger has taken "Best Looking", "Outstanding Kickball Player", "Sturdiest Kneecaps" and "Most Likely to Rule a Tri-State Area". For the "Least Recognizable", what is supposed to be Doof is actually a photo of a drooping traffic cone.)
Doofenshmirtz: Look, that's not even me! It's a traffic cone with a dent in it! I mean, I don't think that's me. (puts down the yearbook and carries his trapped nemesis) On the other hand, Roger has the most recognizable face in all of Danville. He's got that je ne sais quois. And I would know. I minored in sais quois.
(Wipe to Doof and Perry now on the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: Let's do this beholding al fresco, shall we?
(Norm pushes the papier-mâché head onto the balcony.)
Doofenshmirtz: Behold, my deface-inator! One blast and your face becomes incredibly forgettable.
(Doof fires the inator at the model and the face becomes nondescript.)
Doofenshmirtz: Once I zap Roger, nobody will recognize him and his unveiling will be a failing! Y'know, I'm... I'm gonna switch it back. This is too disturbing.
(Doof zaps the head again and it goes back to the way it was.)
Doofenshmirtz: There ya go, papier-mâché me, don't let anybody tell ya you look like a traffic cone.
(Perry glares at Doof.)

(Cut to the backyard. Phineas climbs onto the set dressed as a Space Adventure cadet.)
Phineas: All right, crew. A new day, a new adventure. A Space Adventure!
Baljeet: You know, I can see these vines are just painted ropes. How can I act with this?
Buford: Ya might be overthinkin' it.
Baljeet: Yeah, it's just that...
(Song: Suspend Your Disbelief)
Baljeet: (spoken, recitative) Well, that is a tuba, that is a chair.
That one over there is Buford covered in hair
This is a toy, this is a Styrofoam prop,
And this is a beautifully rendered backdrop

That garden gnome has been sprayed with chrome
What? I recognize it from your home!
It is hard for me to make believe,
When that alien has corn chip teeth

Female singers: ♪ We're not asking you to break from reality ♪
♪ Or abandon practicality ♪
♪ Just go with the motif, ♪
♪ (Go with the motif), ♪
♪ Suspend your disbelief! ♪
♪ (Suspend your disbelief) ♪
Baljeet: I am trying!
Female singers: ♪ Suspend your disbelief... ♪
Baljeet: (to Ferb) That is ketchup on your sleeve!
Female singers: ♪ Suspend your disbelief. ♪
Baljeet: Oh, my goodness, is this Candace's bed? How did you get it down the stairs?
Female singers: ♪ Suspend your disbelief! ♪
Phineas: Huh. Baljeet's really struggling to get into his character.
Isabella: What else could we do to help?
Buford: Wait! I've got an idea! Release the Necroslug!
(An animatronic monster emerges from a cave.)
Baljeet: The Namrak Necroslug?
(The slug roars.)
Baljeet: You know I can tell this is an animatronic, right?
Phineas: Just go along with it. If you want people to believe your performance, you've gotta believe in it yourself.
Isabella: Captain Dirk, the Necroslug seems to have spotted us!
Baljeet: (unenthusiastically) Perhaps we should flee before it hunts us down.
(Baljeet takes two steps backwards as the slug comes closer and then falls over.)
Phineas: Okay, let's try turning the aggression up. Buford, bump it up to a seven.
(Buford gives a thumbs up and walks toward the slug, drops his camera, and climbs onto it. He turns the dial up to eleven. Uh-oh.)
Buford: Okay, I put it on eleven.
Phineas: No, we said seven, not eleven!
(Buford gets zapped by some sparks from the slug.)
Phineas: We've never even tested that level of aggression!
(The slug roars.)
Buford: It's gonna eat us all!
Baljeet: Oh, do not be so overdramatic.
Shane: Here's your coffee, sir.
(The slug eats Shane.)
Baljeet: See? It only ate Shane. But to be fair, it might not be finished yet!
Phineas: Okay, new plan. Run!
(The gang run away from the slug.)

(Cut back to D.E.I.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, Roger. Prepare to lose face.
(Doof has Roger's face in his scope. Perry frees himself from his trap and kicks Doof. The inator activates and hits a Flawless Girl Cosmetics billboard, giving the model a generic face.)

(Cut back to the Space Adventure set. The gang are in hiding from the slug.)
Isabella: (whispering) I think we lost it.

(Cut back to Doof's balcony. Doof fights Perry with a wrench. Perry jumps onto the inator and Doof whacks at it, firing it again.)

(Cut to the backyard. The beam hits Ferb, giving him a generic face.)
Buford: Hey, what happened to Ferb? Who's this guy?
Ferb: I am Ferb.
Phineas: Dude, whoever you are, that's a great impression. But where did Ferb go?

(Cut back to Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: I should really build an auto-aim-inator, because I cannot hit the broad side of a barn.
(Perry whacks at Doof again.)

(Cut back to the gang.)
Baljeet: Um, hello? Can we discuss the bigger problem? And by "bigger problem", I mean "THE BERSERK NECROSLUG THAT IS ON THE LOOSE"!
(The ground begins to crumble, and the Necroslug emerges from it.)
Phineas: Run again!
(The gang run away from it, reusing the shot from the first run, but flipped.)
Isabella: How do we stop it?
Buford: There's a control doohickey on its head. If we smash it, it should be lights out for the big guy.
Phineas: Baljeet, you and Isabella distract the Necroslug. (referring to Ferb) This guy and I can use these vines to make a trap. Buford can smash the doohickey.

(Cut to outside the backyard. Katherine Marshall is on the other side of her fence with her assistant.)
Assistant: And here it is, just like I told you. I found your ice jungle, Miss Marshall.
Katherine Marshall: You know what? This is great. Y'know, it's starting to make me think that maybe the Tri-State Area has more to offer than just tax credits.
(The Necroslug roars off-camera.)

(Cut back to the gang running.)
Isabella: Guys, out of time! How's the net?
Phineas: I'm not sure it'll hold!
Buford: It better, or we're getting a VIP tour of that Necroslug's bowels!
Baljeet: I think perhaps you are using the term "VIP" incorrectly.
Isabella: C'mon, Baljeet!
Phineas: (throws net down) Buford, now!
(The net falls onto the Necroslug.)
Buford: I'm ready for my close-up!
(Buford runs toward the slug, but trips on the net.)
Buford: Man down! Me!
Isabella: Buford!
(The slug rears its head toward Buford, as Phineas and... the other guy pull the net, it starts breaking apart.)
Phineas: The net won't hold!
(Isabella tries to help, but the slug breaks free.)
Isabella: (screams) Exterra, you're our only hope!
Baljeet: Oh, no!
(Baljeet lowers his visor and spins his stick and charges toward the slug, screaming. He jumps onto the slug.)
Baljeet: The luck of Shluffbaum is with me!
(Baljeet whacks at the slug with his stick, and the slug crashes to the ground.)

(Cut to Candace in the living room, still listening to her music, when the crash unplugs her headphones, waking her up.)
Candace: What was that?
(Candace sits up and looks out the window, she sees the movie set outside.)
Candace: (gasps and dials the phone) Mom, Mom! Alien jungle! Giant slug!
(Cut to Mom at Bobbi's getting her hair dried.)
Candace: (on phone) Mom, alien jungle! Giant slug! Mom! Mom!
(Mom frowns and puts the phone aside.)

(Cut back to D.E.I. Perry is still fighting Doof. Doof throws Perry off his back and pushes a button making a screen showing the unveiling ceremony descend from the ceiling.)
Doofenshmirtz: It's too late, Perry the Platypus!
(Offscreen, Perry throws his fedora at the inator as it starts to fire up again. Perry watches on the screen.)
Mayor's Aide: And now, presenting, the face of Danville...
(Cut to the ceremony. The inator hits the bust, giving Roger's face a rather nondescript one. Everyone in the crowd gasps. Cut back to Doof and Perry watching.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ha ha! Roger's statue still got messed up. I'm gonna call that a win.
(Cut back to the ceremony.)
Woman 1: It's so simple, like it could represent any one of us.
Man 1: It's just like humble old Roger to make his statue about celebrating the common man.
Roger: Uh, yes. Exactly as I intended.
(Everyone cheers.)
Man 2: We're all the face of Danville!
(Cut back to Doof and Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, did I just help Roger's reputation? (goes to the inator) I can undo it. I can still undo it.
(Perry goes up to the inator and smashes it to pieces.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aw, now I have to clean this all up! You couldn't just hit the self-destruct button? That would've been better.

(Cut back to the Space Adventure set.)
Baljeet: (laughs triumphantly) I have conquered the great beast! I am Exterra!
Buford: And... cut! Good work, today, Sluggy!
Baljeet: Wait, Sluggy?
(Buford throws the camera to Isabella.)
Isabella: Sorry, Baljeet, but we had to keep it a secret to get you into character.
Baljeet: You were all acting? This was all staged?
Phineas: It was Buford's idea. He knew if you believed the situation was real, you'd believe in yourself.
Buford: (puts arm around Baljeet) I knew you'd rise to the occasion, pal. You just needed a little push. (shoves Baljeet)
Baljeet: Ow!
Buford: All right, that one was for me.
Baljeet: Huh. Deception aside, my confidence is at an all-time high. Exterra fears nothing! (yelps)
(Pull out to reveal Katherine Marshall and her assistant on the set.)
Katherine Marshall: I-I-It's "Baljeet", right?
Baljeet: Renowned director Katherine Marshall?
Katherine Marshall: That was simply incredible! I mean, it's like watching a true star in the making. Am I right?
Baljeet: So I get the part? (hands flyer to Marshall) I get to be Exterra?
Katherine Marshall:  "Exterra"? (takes the flyer) Um... Oh, this is a typo. We were looking for extras. You know, for background work. When I saw you in town, I was just amazed how well you just blended into the background. But then that heroic image of you, I just can't get it out of my head. I can't hire you as an extra now, and we already hired all the leads, so I don't think I can use you anymore.
Baljeet: All of that work and all in vain. If only there was some way to go back to being forgettable.

(Cut to Doof on the balcony. He takes a part of his destroyed inator.)
Doofenshmirtz: (sighs) What'm I supposed to do with this?
(The inator fires.)

(Cut to the backyard. Baljeet dodges the blast and it hits the random guy.)
Phineas: Oh, there you are, Ferb! Ugh! That other guy talked too much.
Baljeet: You know, if I am good enough to impress the Katherine Marshall, maybe my acting talents are worth cultivating. Maybe I should take a class. Buford?
Buford: (writes in the Baljeet Chronicles) Already ahead of ya! Yeah, he's free Wednesday at 8:00.
Katherine Marshall: Oh, by the way, this set is incredible. Would it happen to be for sale?
Phineas: Well, no, but you can just have it.

(Cut to Mom's car pulling up to the garage. Candace, like a lightning bolt, speeds up to the car window.)
Candace: Mom, come to the backyard! The boys are at it again!
Linda: (sighs) At this point, I should just have Buford add this to my schedule.
(Candace runs up to the fence, failing to notice the giant crane taking the set away.)
Candace: Come on, come on, come on! Mom! Hurry, hurry, hurry! Wait till you see it! Come on, come on, come on, come on! (The backyard is empty.) Uh, what?!?! Anybody needs me, then I'll be on the couch. (She walks back inside.)
Buford: Hey, has anybody seen Shane?

(Cut to the set being taken away.)
Shane: Hello? Mr. Buford? I'm still in the slug.
(Iris out on the slug.)

Haberdasher: ♪ Would you prefer a top hat that can shoot out flames? ♪
♪ A sombrero with periscope could help you with your aim ♪
♪ A French beret that really slays ♪
♪ It comes in blues and blacks and grays, ♪
♪ I have a hat for that ♪

♪ A boater with a narrow brim that sprays out gases (very grim) ♪
♪ A beanie with a map for the explorer ♪
♪ A driving cap for getaways, that navigates the motorways ♪
♪ But you look like a fan of the fedora ♪

If it ain't broken, no need to fix it.

