(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to the backyard. Phineas and Ferb are sitting by the tree looking at their tablets when Buford and Isabella approach them.)

Buford: Sorry we're late. We went through the car wash 13 times with my Crazy Uncle Oslo.

(Cutaway gag to Buford, Isabella, Baljeet and Uncle Oslo in the car wash wearing shades and bobbing their heads to a Haddaway-esque song. Cut back to the backyard.)

Ferb: Sick.

Phineas: No worries. We were busy doing chores all day anyway.

Buford: You guys do chores?! I'd think you'd build a small army of drones to do the work for ya!

Phineas: Well, yes. Yes, we did.

(Zoom out to reveal drones watering and cutting the grass, and shaping the tree into an Abraham Lincoln topiary.)

Buford: That reminds me, I could use a little help with my chore!

(Buford runs offscreen right and then comes back rolling a giant wad of Christmas lights.)

Buford: Baljeet and I tried to untangle all these Christmas lights, but it was to no avail.

Isabella: Buford, why are there so... many?

Buford: Well, ya see, every year, my mom pays Uncle Oslo...

(Flashback to Oslo installing the lights on the Van Stomm house.)

Buford: (voiceover) ...to string up our Christmas lights, but she always forgets to take 'em down! So, year after year, he hangs up more, until...

(The weight of all the lights and decorations causes the garage to collapse.)

Buford: (voiceover) So now we need a new garage.

(End flashback.)

Isabella: Perhaps your drones could help us untangle this?

Phineas: You bet! And when we're done, let's use them to put on a light show!

(Ferb thumbs up.)

Phineas: Hey, where's Baljeet?

(Buford reaches into the Christmas lights and pulls him out of the ball.)

Baljeet: It is so Christmasy in there!



(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc., where, according to the Evil Jingle:)

♪ Vanessa and Monty are up to something! ♪

(Cut to Vanessa and Monty having a phone conversation.)

Vanessa: So, dinner with both our dads tonight.

Monty: What could go wrong?

Vanessa: Yeah, it's not like they're sworn enemies who will disown us when they find out we've been dating.

Vanessa and Monty: Oh, wait. They are! (They laugh.)

Vanessa: Yeah, I got a bad feeling about this.

Monty: Your pessimism is very attractive.

Vanessa: You save that sweet talk for tonight.

Monty: Conserving sweet talk. See ya there.

(They hang up. Cut to a stack of index cards containing questions such as "Are you rich?", "Do you have a criminal record?", and "Are you employed?" Doof takes a pile out of the stack when Vanessa approaches him.)

Vanessa: Hey, Dad, almost ready for dinner?

Doofenshmirtz: You bet! I've been rehearsing my chitchat intimidation tactics all morning. Have you told him I'm evil?

Vanessa: (sighs and facepalms) Yes, Dad. Just, please, be on your best behavior tonight, and promise me no inators at the dinner table.

Doofenshmirtz: Okay, okay, I promise.

(Vanessa exits.)

Doofenshmirtz: But she didn't mention the table itself being an inator!

Norm: Nice loophole, sir!

Doofenshmirtz: I know, right? Behold, my Tableturn-inator! Wait, uh... it's actually just a diagram. I put the real table in the restaurant... (stammers) "Behold, this diagram of my Tableturn-inator" is what I'm trying to say. So y'know how these fancy restaurants are so overpriced and they serve these tiny little portions? Well, with this, if I sit in the red chair and spin the table, I'll get all the good food!

Norm: Your pettiest scheme yet, sir!

Doofenshmirtz: I try. I try.



(Cut to the backyard later that night as the drones untangle the Christmas lights, we hear the "skoodly-op" song with new lyrics.)

(Song: Quirky Worky Song)

♪ All the lights are attached to the drones in the sky ♪

♪ We're not building anything, but we're watchin' 'em fly ♪

♪ Doin' more chores thanks to Uncle Oslo, ♪

♪ But now it's time for the show! ♪



Baljeet: I never knew this song had another verse.

Buford: Well, it was never apropos until now.

Phineas: All systems go, Ferb!

(Ferb presses a button on his tablet making all the lights on the drones turn green.)

Isabella: It's getting dark. Doesn't anyone care where Perry is?



(Cut to inside the house. Perry is asleep on the sofa when his watch beeps with the message "You got a mission". He puts on his fedora and attempts to disappear behind his blanket, but we see him run off. Cut to the lair. Another sheet is placed in front of Perry's chair and Perry runs behind it and removes the sheet, as if suddenly appearing.)

Major Monogram: (applauding) Delightful entrance, Agent P! Anyhoo, our intel says that Doof is dining in Danville tonight, which, you know, now that I think about it, sounds pretty harmless. I, too, have dinner reservations of my own.

Carl: As do I, sir.

Major Monogram: Nobody cares, Carl! (to Agent P) I'm meeting my son's girlfriend for the first time. Why don't you join us, Agent P?

(Perry's control panel beeps. On the display is an envelope with an invitation reading "The Fork of Destiny - 8:00pm, Formal Attire".)

♪ You're invited! ♪



(Cut to Candace's room. Candace is on the phone.)

Candace: Sorry I couldn't make it to your Brazilian jiu-jitsu competition, Stace. It was chore day.

(Cut to Stacy at the competition in combat while talking on the phone.)

Stacy: It's okay! It's going great!

(Cut back to Candace.)

Candace: You go, girl! I haven't seen the boys building anything, so it's pretty chill here. But I feel kinda unfulfilled not having to bust them.

Phineas: (offscreen) Who's ready for the light show?

Candace: Sorry, Stacy, that's my cue! (hangs up and runs up to the window) I'm back in business, baby!



(Cut to the Fork of Destiny restaurant.)

Hostess: Right this way.

(She points Monogram and Monty to their table. Monogram sees Carl seated at a table with Norm and another person.)

Major Monogram: Wait, Carl? What in blazes are you doing here?! And who are these guys?!

Carl: Oh, we're here for the 2-for-1 sidekick special... (does a secret handshake with Norm and the other guy) ...'cause, y'know, we're all sidekicks.

(Doof and Vanessa arrive.)

Major Monogram: Doofenshmirtz?! Are you here to ruin my classy evening out with my son and his new girlfriend?!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, don't be silly, Francis. I'm also here for a classy dinner with my daughter and her new boyf— (recognizes Monty) Wait a second! (to Vanessa) "Nostril Boy"?! Is he your new boyfriend?!

Vanessa: (sighs) His name is Monty, Dad. Look, if we told you the truth, neither of you would have come. Let's try and be civilized and enjoy ourselves?

Major Monogram: This smells like a setup. Carl, consider yourself back on the clock. Pull up a chair.

Carl: Yes, sir. Sorry, Dexter.

Dexter: (speaking with a lateral lisp) It's okay. I have to go anyway.

(Zoom in on a chicken-themed superhero clucking like a chicken and pointing at his watch. Cut to Monogram, Carl, Vanessa, and Monty taking their seats. Monogram is seated in the red chair.)

Doofenshmirtz: (quietly, to Norm) That's my chair! The one with the foot control! (out loud) Uh, Francis, maybe you'd like this chair with the sleek upholstery.

Major Monogram: I'm perfectly comfortable here.

Doofenshmirtz: I-I-I-I-I-I must insist.

Major Monogram: (crosses his arms) No! It's mine!

Doofenshmirtz: No, mine!

Major Monogram: Mine!

Doofenshmirtz: No, mine!

Vanessa: [groans] Here we go.

(Close up on Perry dressed in a fancy tux, but with pants this time. He adjusts his bow tie and walks toward the table.)

Hostess: Your usual table, sir?

(Perry points to the table where the Monograms and the Doofenshmirtzes are seated.)

Hostess: Oh, you'll be joining friends? Very good, sir. Right this way.

Girl at Bar 1: Hey, isn't that that guy you gave your number to?

Girl at Bar 2: Yeah, he hasn't called, but a girl can dream.

(Cut to the table.)

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, you're in on this, too? I am so out of the loop!

Major Monogram: He's my guest and now my backup. No son of mine will date the daughter of my mortal enemy!

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, yeah? Well, no daughter of mine will date the son of my— Y-You get the idea. I'm just flipping what you said.

Vanessa Dad. Just, please sit down.

(Doof does so, but then hisses at Monogram, who responds with a grumble.)

Vanessa: So... this is nice, right?

(The waiter approaches them.)

Rinaldo: Welcome, I'm Rinaldo. Enjoy our signature dining experience.

(He presses a button which causes a fog machine to activate around them.)

Vanessa: (awkwardly, to Monty) I... hear they have great gelato.

Doofenshmirtz: Perry the Platypus, could... could... could we have a word in my, uh, office?



(Cut to the restroom. Doof is in one stall while Perry is in the stall next to him.)

Doofenshmirtz: I'm just trying to figure out how to get out of here without ruining Vanessa's night. Food poisoning? No, no. Fake alien invasio— No, no, it's... (He falls backwards accidentally flushing the toilet he is seated on.) I'm just spitballing here. I'm spitballing. Ooh, ooh! Perry the Platypus, you stay here, and when I go in there, you call me with an "emergency". All right? Yeah, yeah, that'll do.

(Major Monogram enters the stall to the right of Perry and then Doof leaves his stall.)

Major Monogram: Agent P, any intel? Doofenshmirtz is clearly using his daughter as a pawn to infiltrate O.W.C.A.

(Perry looks to the stall to his right and sees Norm peeking out.)

Norm: She's clearly out of his league.

(Flip wipe to Monty talking to Agent P in the stall.)

Monty: We should have done tacos.

(Pan left to Monogram.)

Major Monogram: I don't know what he sees in her.

(Pan right to Carl.)

Carl: I think they look cute together.

(Pan left to Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, pink is not Francis's color.

(Pan right to Monogram.)

Major Monogram: He's making a huge mistake.

(Pan left to Rinaldo.)

Rinaldo: Girl better wake up!

(Pan right to Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: Nostril Guy? Is she for real? Nostril Guy!

(Pan left to Uncle Oslo.)

Uncle Oslo: Have you tried takin' him through a car wash?

(Pan right to Norm.)

Norm: I'm not programmed to understand love.

(Splitscreen to Doof and Monogram.)

Doofenshmirtz and Major Monogram: This is an absolutely unacceptable situation!

Major Monogram: Who said that?! Doof, is that you?!

Doofenshmirtz: Who? Not me. I gotta go. Bye!



(Cut back to the table, as Monogram returns, Doof gets in the red chair.)

Doofenshmirtz: I'm stealing your seat, Francis! You can sit in mine.

Major Monogram: Why, I oughta... Hold me back, Carl!

Doofenshmirtz: Hold me back, Norm!

(They do so, but Norm physically lifts Doof up.)

Doofenshmirtz: (grunts) Hold me back less! Hold me back l...

Rinaldo: Dinner is served.

Doofenshmirtz: Time to turn the tables.

(Doof steps on the pedal under the table to activate his inator, causing Monogram to splash some mashed potatoes on his suit, pour gravy on the wine bottle, and set his mustache on fire.)

Rinaldo: And for the grand finale...

(A giant ice cream sundae with cinnamon sticks and sparklers and surrounded by macrons at the bottom is placed in the center of the table.)

Major Monogram: Great googly moogly! Heh. Y'know, Vanessa, this reminds me of this one Fourth of July when Monty had a firecracker shoot right at—

Monty: (embarrassed) Dad!

Vanessa: Wait! I wanna hear this!

Doofenshmirtz: Aw, yeah! Get in my tummy! That is all mine!

Major Monogram: No, it's mine!

Doofenshmirtz: No, mine!

Major Monogram: Mine!

(Vanessa sighs again.)

Doofenshmirtz: Mine!

Major Monogram: Mine!

Doofenshmirtz: Mine!

Major Monogram: Mine!

Doofenshmirtz: Mine!

(Doof pushes on the pedal and the ice cream splatters all over the restaurant. Perry, having had enough of this, takes one of the giant decorative forks and breaks the inator. He approaches Doof and Monogram and snaps his fingers causing a spotlight to shine on him.)

Perry: (chatters a long impassioned speech)

Doofenshmirtz: I'll be honest, I didn't understand anything you said. But look at us. Who are we to stand in the way of young love? (to Francis) I'm sorry for being a giant man-baby.

Major Monogram: You're not the man-baby. I am.

Doofenshmirtz: I'm the man-baby!

Major Monogram: No, I am!

Doofenshmirtz: No, I am!

(During this argument, the inator sparks, causing it to go haywire and spin the restaurant around.)

Major Monogram: No, I am!

Doofenshmirtz: No, I am!

Norm: Alert! Alert!

Man: Ooh, this is immersive!

Vanessa: Dad, what did you do?

Monty: Quick, get on the table!

Carl: I think I'm gonna be sick!

(Cut to outside. The restaurant spins around faster and faster causing it to be airborne.)

(Song: Getting Dizzy)

Vanessa: ♪ This whole thing's got me in a tizzy ♪

♪ I wish the waiter would help, but he looks busy ♪

♪ The platypus is right, or is he? ♪

♪ At least I think he's got a hunch ♪



♪ This is a lose-lose, there ain't a winner ♪

♪ I feel confused. It's a real head-spinner ♪

♪ I know I know that this just a dinner ♪

♪ But I'm about to lose my lunch ♪



♪ My head is spinnin' ♪

♪ Round and round ♪

♪ And round and round ♪

♪ Round and round ♪

♪ And round and round ♪

♪ I'm getting dizzy ♪



(Cut to the backyard. Phineas and the gang put on their drone show, making projections of the Mona Lisa, Ducky Momo, Perry, and Abraham Lincoln.)

(Song: Light It Up)



♪ Turn up the light, light, light, light, light, light ♪

♪ Let's light it up, light, light, light, light, light ♪

♪ Let's turn up the light, light, light, light, light, light ♪

♪ Let's light it up, light, light, light, light, light ♪

♪ Let's turn up the lights! ♪

Buford: Hey, guys, the only thing that would make this show better? Popcorn!

(The gang go back inside as Candace looks out her window as her Wicked Witch theme plays. When the gang are inside, Candace goes outside and swipes the tablet.)

Candace: I'll take that! Time to shine a light on this bust!

(She programs the drones to make a projection of Phineas and Ferb with the message "We're busted!" underneath.)

Candace: Wait 'til Mom gets a load of this! (laughs and goes back inside)

(The still spinning restaurant approaches the drones.)



(Cut to the living room, Candace is excitedly talking to her mother, who is watching television.)

Linda: Candace, it's the climax of my movie! This better be quick!

Candace: (dragging her mom off the couch) It is! Wait till you see the sky! Come on!



(Cut back to the backyard. The restaurant crashes into the drones, taking them into the cyclone.)

Candace: Come on! Just look up!

(Cut to the sky revealing nothing but a crescent moon, some stars and clouds.)

Linda: Oh, Candace, it really is a lovely moon, but it's not like it was going to disappear. Couldn't it have waited till after the movie?

(They go back inside.)

Candace: But, but-but-but, but...



(Cut back to the spinning restaurant. It approaches the zoetrope deity from "Tropey McTropeFace".)

Zoetrope Deity: It is not your time. Oh. Sorry, I thought you were a zoetrope. Never mind.

(Cut to inside the restaurant. Perry jumps off the giant fork and onto a sliding plate of mashed potatoes. He sees the self-destruct button under the table, and uses his grappling hook gun to reach it and push it. As soon as it is pushed, the restaurant spins back down onto the ground.)

Major Monogram: (to Doof) Hmm, about the, uh, hugging when we were at death's door. I wasn't myself back there.

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, totally. So, you know, for continuity's sake, (hold out his hand) enemies?

Major Monogram: (shakes Doof's hand) Enemies.

(Cut to Monty and Vanessa.)

Monty: You okay, Nessa?

Vanessa: (removing a shrimp from her hair) Yeah. Well, I suppose that could have gone worse. We like each other, right? It's not just that we enjoy messing with our dads?

Monty: Can't it be both?

Vanessa: It can be both.

(Vanessa hold Monty's hand as Rinaldo approaches the table.)

Rinaldo: Here is the bill. Plus, damáges.

(Doof opens it up and yells when he sees the high price.)

Rinaldo: Don't forget to tip.

(Doof puts the bill on the table making it slide to Francis.)

Major Monogram: (looking at the bill) Wait, what is this?

(Doof takes the tablecloth and covers himself laughing as he magically disappears behind it, but we hear his footsteps.)

Major Monogram: Curse you, Heinz Doofenshmirtz!

