(Scene opens on the backyard where the gang are looking over a blueprint.)

Phineas: I gotta hand it to ya, Buford, I had my doubts...

(Close-up on the blueprint to reveal once again, they are planning a Bread Bowl Hot Tub.)

Phineas: (cont'd) ...but the design specs are promising. I know what we're gonna do today! Build a Bread Bowl—

Linda: (offscreen, screams)

Phineas: Mom?

(The gang leave the yard.)

Buford: Hey, where're you guys... We're comin' back after this, right?



(Cut to the kitchen.)

Linda: My wedding ring! It slipped off down the drain!

Ferb: Good thing we installed a tracking chip after the llama incident.

(Cut to Dad inside the pipes holding a wrench.)

Lawrence: Uh, I can see it right here, darling. Just need to give it a little... (twists, but some water squirts on him.) Oh, dear. Oh, my.

(The ring goes down a pipe. Cut back to the kitchen.)

Phineas: I know what we're actually gonna do today! Find Mom's ring!



(Cut to Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. The Evil Jingle doorbell rings. Doof answers it and a screaming goat with a piece of paper in its mouth is at the door. The goat headbutts Doof and gives him the paper.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ah, mail from the old country! Vanessa, it's for you!

Vanessa: (takes the note and reads it) "Congratulations, due to your upcoming 17th birthday, you are now eligible for Drusselsteinian citizenship."

Doofenshmirtz: (takes the note) Oh, my little girl is all grown up! This is so exciting, Vanessa! I'll start looking for flights!

Vanessa: Dad, everything you've told me about the old country is terrible. Why would you wanna go back?

Doofenshmirtz: Oh, Vanessa, it would be good for you to get in touch with your roots. Who knows? You might even come up with your own tragic backstory!

Vanessa: Hmmm, I guess you're right. Maybe deeply depressed generational trauma could be fun? And I am curious about our culture.

(Pull out to reveal Doof already with a ton of luggage packed.)

Doofenshmirtz: Hee hee! Yes! Pack your bags! We're going to Gimmelshtump, baby!



(An airplane wipes to the gang in the backyard.)

Phineas: (looking at his tablet) Wow! Who knew one single family home needed such an extensive drainage system? What's up with this redacted area?

(Cut to Agent P putting on his fedora and getting to work. Cut back to Phineas looking at the tablet.)

Phineas: Look!

Isabella: Your mom's ring!

Phineas: Hmmm, it looks like it went down a wrong pipe and detoured deep into the Earth's crust. Time to get diggin'!

(Song: Quirky Worky Song)

(The gang build a giant drilling mechanism on wheels.)



(Cut to Candace's room. Candace is putting blue polish on her toenails.)

Candace: Poor Mom and her ring. But it looks like it's a day off from busting at least.

(Cut to the yard. The gang's drilling mechanism starts boring into the ground. Cut back to Candace's room, which shakes.)

Candace: (exclaims) Is that an earthquake?! Is everyone okay?! Where's Perry?!



(Cut to Agent P sliding in his underground tube. The gang's drilling mechanism accidentally cuts through the tube. Perry crosses his arms in preparation for the gap, and he drops into his lair.)

Major Monogram: Congratulations, Agent P! You've won an all-expense paid trip to... (to Carl) Drumroll, please.

(Carl plays a drumroll, as mechanical arms stick a floral print shirt and a lei onto Agent P as if he were going somewhere tropical.)

Major Monogram: Gimmelshtump!

(Confetti cannons go off.)

Major Monogram: And by a totally unrelated coincidence, Doofenshmirtz will be there. Keep an eye on him.

(Perry rolls his eyes and leaves.)



(Cut to the backyard. Candace runs out the door.)

Candace: That was no earthquake! That was Phineas and Ferb!

(Candace trips on a laundry hamper and bumps into a white sheet on the clothesline and trips down the hole.)

Candace: Whoa!

(Candace keeps falling until she falls into Perry's tube and lands in his lair, still with the sheet covered over her.)

Candace: Aaaaaaah! What? Get this off! Where am I?

(Monogram and Carl appear on screen. Monogram points at Candace worriedly, and Carl presses a button on a remote as Perry's chair ejects Candace and drops her into a hole in the ground.)

Candace: WHOA!

Major Monogram: Carl, we don't even know where that goes!

Carl: Uh, I panicked!

Major Monogram: Well, she'll probably be fine. She's made of sturdy stuff.



(Cut to underground. The gang explore a waterfall-filled cavern, then bore through another cavern filled with crystals.)



(Cut to the plane landing at Gimmelshtump Airport.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wow, I can't believe they built an airport in Drusselstein. They used to just kick us out mid-flight. I'll just hail a horse if I can—

(Doof's smile disappears as he sees that Drusselstein has been gentrified with many modern amenities, such as roadways, hotels, restaurants and coffee shops.)

Doofenshmirtz: Huh? (gasps)

(Doof looks at a real-estate broker adding a zero to the price of his "for sale" sign, some women performing yoga, and an organic food stand.)

Vanessa: Oh, they have ridesharing. And cell service, thank goodness.

(A car pulls up to them.)

Driver: Where to?

Vanessa: The embassy, thanks. Sweet ride.

Doofenshmirtz: Wow, it's all so different. When did change become legal here?

Vanessa: This place doesn't seem so bad, Dad. From what you told me, sounds like Gimmelsthump needed a change.



(Cut to the embassy.)

Receptionist: So you're here for your citizenship test? Name please.

Vanessa: Doofenshmirtz.

Receptionist: (takes a folder) Heinz or Vanessa?

Vanessa: "Heinz"?

Doofenshmirtz: I'll take that. (takes folder) Uh, since my parents didn't show up to my birth, I'm not technically a citizen and I was never able to complete my citizenship test when I was your age. So I'm doing it now is what I'm saying.

(Flashback.)

Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) I was able to complete wrangling a pig, and the Humiliating Stumblegimp Dance of Contrition. But then I couldn't do the generational kickball thing, cuz, y'know, my parents don't show up for things. Anyway, honey, I must enthusiastically warn you of...

(end flashback)

Doofenshmirtz: (cont'd) ...how daunting and uncomfortable these tests will be. Truly traumatizing. But you'll do great, sweetie.

Vanessa: I can feel my backstory building already.



(Cut to Candace underground. She falls out of the tube and the white sheet falls off her.)

Candace: Phineas and Ferb! (she falls down in a dark area) Where am I?

(Candace turns the flashlight on her phone to discover a society of mole people.)

Candace: (screams)

Mole Person: Our surface-dwelling savior!

Mole People: (genuflecting) We're saved!

Candace: Okay, I've already been the Queen of Mars. I don't need to be the Monarch of Mole People.

Mole Person: Mole people don't take rejection well! Get her!

(They chase after her.)

Candace: Wow! Talk about needy!

(A light shines on Candace and the mole people. The mole people scream and scatter away.)

Phineas: Candace? How'd you get down here?

Candace: I have no idea.

Baljeet: Hop on! The mole people startle easily. But they will be back and in greater numbers.

Buford: I bet that right about now that Hot Tub doesn't sound so bad, does it?



(Cut back to Gimmelshtump.)

Announcer: And kicking off the citizenship test is Vanessa Doofenshmirtz!

(Vanessa wrangles a stuffed pig as the crowd cheers.)

Announcer: Look at her hug that hog!

(Cut to a dance club.)

Announcer: Next up is the Dance of Contrition, and look at her raise the roof!

Doofenshmirtz: (looking at a book) This is all wrong! Look, it says here that the Humiliating Dance of Contrition is now 85% less humiliating! H-How would they even calculate that?

Vanessa: Sure, it's a little different, but I kinda like it.

Doofenshmirtz: No, no, no, I want you to hate it like I did! Tragedy builds character. Come on.



(Cut to the Doofenshmirtz house.)

Doofenshmirtz: You want culture from the old country, you go to the old people. A note? (reads the note on the door) "Heinz, in preparation for your arrival, we've taken a vacation until further notice. Give our love to Nessa, please don't call. - Mom"

Vanessa: Dad?

Doofenshmirtz: (stammers) Vanessa, you should just go, y'know, hang with your new friends, I...

Vanessa: No, no, it's okay. I can stay with you.

Doofenshmirtz: But I feel... I feel a big emotional bit coming on. Maybe even a power ballad.

Vanessa: Ah. In that case, I'll just leave you to it.

(She leaves and Doof goes into his old house.)

(Song: Take Me Back to The Bad Old Days)

Doofenshmirtz: ♪ When I was just a lad, in this dingy little room ♪

♪ All I felt was sadness, doom and also gloom ♪

♪ But here's my very first inator ♪

♪ Hey, look! I made this thing ♪

♪ It didn't really make me greater, but it made me want to sing! ♪



♪ Take me back to the bad old days ♪

♪ When people walked around with a sad malaise ♪

♪ And everything smelled vaguely like mayonnaise ♪

♪ Just take me back to the bad old days ♪



♪ When I was all alone ♪

♪ All dressed up like a gnome ♪

♪ I had to stand still like a stone ♪

♪ It was super awful, but it feels like home ♪



♪ If she could only see ♪

♪ That all this pain and tragedy ♪

♪ Is a big, big part of my identity ♪

♪ It's really just what makes me me ♪



♪ She'd say, "Take me back-" ♪

(Doof bumps into another screaming goat, and it headbutts him. Cut to Doof moping on the floor of his old bedroom.)

Doofenshmirtz: If Vanessa could only see this place for what it truly is, she would finally hate it and thus benefit from that hate, like me! I can make an inator to make things the way they used to be, and then Vanessa can have her own backstories.



(Cut back to underground. The vehicle bores through the earth.)

Candace: So what are you guys doing down here anyway?

Phineas: Looking for Mom's ring. And it looks like it's right behind this rock. Let's get to chipping.

(The gang departs the vehicle and puts on mining helmets and carry pickaxes.)

Candace: I wanna get back up there to bust you. Set aside.

(Candace moves the vehicle forward.)

Phineas: Candace, take it easy! This type of sediment is unstable!

(The drill bores through the rock, to reveal the wedding ring wedged in there.)

Candace: Mom's ring! I found it!

(She takes it out, but the wall begins cracking.)

Candace: Ha ha! Got it!

(The walls cave in and falling rocks block the entrance. The gang look at Candace.)

Candace: Um...

Phineas: The good news is we found Mom's ring! 

(The drill on the vehicle shatters to pieces.)

Phineas: Bad news is we broke the drill bit, so...

Ferb: We're trapped.

Baljeet: Not it!

Buford: For what?

Baljeet: At some point, the food will run out, and we will be forced to make "difficult decisions".

(beat.)

Baljeet: What?! We were all thinking it!



(Cut back to Drusselstein.)

Doofenshmirtz: Behold, my Downgrade-inator! (Doof fires his inator at a car and it becomes a goat and cart.) All right! Pothole here! (He fires at a woman coming out of a clothing boutique.) Potato sacks over there!

Salesman: This is a small batch of handcrafted farm to table...

(Gets fired by the inator.)

Salesman: Goat food.

Doofenshmirtz: Ha! This is more like it! This is the Gimmelshtump I remember!

(Cut to Perry on his hover car.)

Doofenshmirtz: Wait 'til Vanessa sees this!

(The hover car plows into Doof.)

Doofenshmirtz: (screams) Oh, Perry the Platypus! Enjoying the sights?

(Perry fights him as Doof keeps firing the inator at various buildings.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Oh, look, it's the kickball field! And Vanessa! Time out, Perry the Platypus, for emotional reasons. Look, look at my Nessa! She's having fun in Drusselstein! (sighs) I never had that. It's nice to see.

Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, line up for the generational kickball passage. Grab your loving and supportive parent and make them proud.

Doofenshmirtz: My parents were never there for my kickball moment. But you know what? I'm gonna be there for Vanessa. Take us down!

(Perry smiles.)





(Wipe to the kickball field. Doof is on the green with Vanessa.)

Referee: Now, you must kick the ball to you, and you must kick the ball back to you. This completes the test.

(Doof places the ball on the ground. Intense music is heard as Doof prepares. Vanessa smiles at him and Doof smile back. In slow motion, Doof gets a running start and kicks the ball to Vanessa, destroying his foot in the process. In regular speed, Vanessa kicks the ball back to her father and accidentally kicks him in the face.)

Doofenshmirtz: Ow!

(Doof lands on the ground, which activates his inator, which hits the water tower, making all the water spill into a crevice in the ground.)

Farmer: Oops, there goes our entire city's water supply right down our bottomless pit.

(Cut back to the field.)

Referee: Congratulations! Just like that, you and you are Drusselstinian citizens!

Doofenshmirtz: I'm a citizen! Just like you.

Vanessa: Way to go, Dad.

(She hugs him.)

Doofenshmirtz: Maybe a little change can be good. That's why I moved as far from here as I possibly could: Danville.

(Perry waves at Doof in his hover car.)

Doofenshmirtz: Thank you, Perry the Platypus.

(Another goat headbutts Doof in the groin.)

Doofenshmirtz: It hurts less when you're a citizen.



(Cut back to the gang still trapped.)

Candace: We're gonna have to join the mole people! I'll become their ruler! And you guys my underlings!

(The Drusselstinian water supply comes out of the rocks and unblocks the entrance, flooding the ground. Everyone gets in the vehicle.)

Baljeet: Oh, my goodness!

(Phineas drives the vehicle back up to the surface. The gang are hurled out of the vehicle, which spins back underground, somehow making the hole disappear. Perry returns in his hover car, and dives out and goes back into mindless pet mode.)

Perry: (chatters)

(Mom enters.)

Linda: What's going on out here?

(Phineas gives Mom her ring.)

Linda: Oh, my ring! Thank you!

Phineas: Actually, Candace found it!

Lawrence: (covered in pipes) Oh, looks like you boys have beaten me to it. Good on ya, lads!

Candace: Drill... underground... mole people!

Linda: Candace, why are you so filthy?

Candace: But... but... but... (sighs in exasperation)

Linda: Well, that certainly has a familiar "ring" to it!

(silence)

Linda: Nothing? Nobody gets me.

