(Scene opens on the backyard. The gang are riding on giant floating dandelions.)
Buford: It's like we're all little wishes!
Isabella: I feel alive! So alive! Whee!
Phineas: These dandelion sky pods are fantastic, Baljeet! Come on up!
(Baljeet is on the ground watering a giant dandelion. Irving approaches him.)
Baljeet: Just give me a moment to water the last bit of our growth formula.
Irving: Did I just miss them?
Baljeet: (getting a stopwatch out) They should come back down in approximately eleven minutes.
Irving: (showing a blueprint) Darn! I really need their help.
Baljeet: Ooh-hoo-hoo! My blueprint senses are tingling! What is that?
Irving: It's an invention idea I have. Flying unicycles! And I would love it if they could be powered by raw vegetables.
Baljeet: Huh, if you convert the basal molecules into an adenosine triphosphate engine, it might be theoretically possible.
Irving: Wow! You came up with that on your own?
Baljeet: Oh, yes, I can help you, Irving. I might just be the unsung intellectual giant of the group.
Buford: Are you tellin' Irving about how you're the unsung intellectual giant of the group?!
Baljeet: Hmmph! Well, I am.
Irving: Well, I'd love to have your help making this into an actual prototype! Maybe I could impress Phineas and Ferb!
Baljeet: I admire your assertiveness, Irving, or should I say... (takes rolled up blueprint and "dubs" him with it like a knight) my new protégé?
Irving: Aye aye, Professor Baljeet! I know what we're going to—
Baljeet: Say less.
Phineas: Hey, where's Perry?

(Cut to Perry eating out of his dish. He kicks his dish and puts on his hat. The dish activates the entrance to his lair, which he jumps into. Cut to his lair. Carl is onscreen doing some dusting. As Agent P falls, he crashes to the floor next to his chair.)
Carl: Sorry, Agent P. I was cleaning your lair and forgot to move your chair back.
(A badly bruised Perry picks himself up.)
Perry: (chatters angrily)
Major Monogram: You know how Agent P feels about his chair— (He grunts as he falls over backwards.) Carl, where's my chair?
Carl: I had to clean your area too, sir.
Major Monogram: Curse your furniture-based shenanigans, Carl! (to Agent P, from the floor) Doof has done something to alter local gravity, so you should go check it out.
(Perry salutes.)
Major Monogram: Buh-bye!
(Before Perry takes off, he moves his chair back into its regular position, making it screech as it moves. He then does the "I'm watching you" signal to Carl as he backs out. Then he goes back in, still doing the sign.)
Carl: (gulps)
Major Monogram: Carl, you and I need to have a talk.

(Cut back to the backyard. As the gang are having fun, Candace looks out her window. Cut to Candace's room.)
Candace: Every day, I stress out trying to bust those guys. But every day, I fail. (pulls her hair, then face plants onto the bed) It's like the universe is punishing me for bringing attention to it. (gasps) But what if I play it cool? Maybe then the Mysterious Force won't yank the rug out from under me. I'munna play hard to get. First, the perfect blasé fit. (She goes into her closet and changes into a more casual look with her hair in a bun.) Step one to a more blasé bust. If I care. I mean, I don't. (Puts on sunglasses and walks out the door, but then goes back in.) Blasé. (Goes back out.)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated! ♪
(Perry flies his hover-car into the building and flies through some planets before crashing into one.)
Doofenshmirtz: (dressed as a sun) Ah, Perry the Platypus! Step into my orbit and be my satellite, permanently! Ha ha!
(One of the planets traps him using its rings.)
Doofenshmirtz: Behold, my Kind-of-a-Big-Deal-inator! You see, my ex-wife always says, "Heinz, the world doesn't revolve around you," which I-I got to thinking, what if it did? So I created this gravity vest. These planets just coalesced from, I don't know, pencil shavings and dust and skin flakes, whatever was lying around, which, at first, was sort of cool, but, now it's becoming a bit of a problem, Perry the Platypus. Look, I quickly realized that being the center of the universe isn't really all it's cracked up to be.
Vanessa: (offscreen) Dad, one of your planets just stole my jacket!
Doofenshmirtz: It's okay, honey, it's on an orbit! It'll come back around! It's not all about you!
(Song: The Center of the Universe)
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I'm the center of the universe ♪
♪ Everything revolves around me ♪
♪ I'm the center of the universe ♪
♪ Cuz I make my own gravity ♪

♪ I may be the sun, but I'm over the moon ♪
♪ I got so much solar flare ♪
♪ The stars are aligned, all my planets in tune ♪
♪ But now I'm shining so bright, ♪
♪ I think there's too much glare ♪

♪ Cuz I'm the center of the universe ♪
♪ And it's not as fun as it used to be ♪ (It's not.)
♪ I'm the center of the universe ♪
♪ And it's collapsing all around me, literally ♪

♪ At first, I felt like a bright supernova ♪
♪ I thought that that would never grow old ♪
♪ But now the shine's worn off, the novelty's over ♪
♪ And I'm starting to feel like a big black hole ♪

♪ I'm the center of the universe ♪
♪ I'm being orbited by all this debris ♪
♪ I'm still the center of the universe ♪
♪ And I don't really want to be ♪
♪ Somebody help me! ♪
♪ Don't really want to be ♪
♪ Somebody help me, please! ♪

(Song: Quirky Worky Song (rock version))
(Cut to Irving's house. Irving and Baljeet are working on building the prototype, with mixed results.)

(Cut back to the backyard. Cut to the living room. Candace is just standing around watering the floor instead of a plant on the table.)
Candace: Being cas-u-al, so cas-u-al. No vested interests whatsoever. Time to catch up on my correspondence.
(Cut to Candace now in her bedroom writing a thank you note.)
Candace: And thank you to you, Candace, for being so good at being so laid-back, and not caring about all the whatever the boys are doing right now. Whatever it is they're doing. Flying through the air.
Phineas: Yeah!
Candace: Apropos of nothing, I wonder what Mom is doing. I could just call her, y'know, slowly and casually.

(Song: Gimme the Food)
(Cut to outside a restaurant. Mom is waiting in the car listening to a heavy metal song and head banging to it.)
♪ And if you don't wait at least three hours ♪
♪ Before you go to bed, ♪
♪ You're gonna get bad indigestion ♪
♪ And you'll wish that you were dead! ♪
(Mom's phone rings. She turns the radio off.)
Linda: She always calls before the best part of the song. (answers) Yes, dear. What can I do for you?
Candace: Oh, hi, Mom, how are you? Oh, that's neat. I was wondering if you'd care to come home at your leisure, if that's convenient for you. Or not. Y'know, totes chill.
Linda: Uh, are you feeling okay, dear?
Candace: Definitely! Definitely. Just, you know, taking it easy, and not being interested in anything the boys may or may not, mayhaps be participating in or thereabouts, casually.
Linda: Your even tone and relaxed phone manner, while unsettling, are a real welcome change of pace, dear.
Candace: (through clenched teeth) I'm indifferent to that.
Linda: Honestly, I'm kind of done here. I'm just sitting in my car at the taco shop because I like the smell. (inhales, sighs) See ya next time, Luis! (drives away)
Luis: Next time maybe you could BUY SOMETHING!!!
Candace: Oh, good, she's coming home. That's fine. I'm good and fine. (burbles) Reading, reading. (Babbles, which changes into...) Hehehehehehehehehehehe...

(Cut back to D.E.I. Perry, now free from his trap, fights off the planets. But Doof becomes worried.)
Doofenshmirtz: Looks... Looks like their orbits are tightening faster than I thought. Maybe... maybe we should wrap this up. I'm just feeling a little claustrophobic is what I'm saying. It's... It's... It's... It's okay. Okay. Just... Just a little too close for comfort. Hoo, boy. Is it getting hot in here or is it just thermonuclear puffy vest strapped to my person? Uh, maybe, Perry the Platypus, could you give me a little, eensy-weensy, itty-bitty cup of water? I'm just so hot. (He flaps his arms and is suddenly airborne.) Okay, this is getting weird. I guess I didn't understand the... the literal gravity of the situation. I think I'm just gonna hit the self-destruct button on— Oh, no! Oh, no, my arm! Bad planet!
(The planets start to confine Doof, trapping him. Perry runs up to him.)
Doofenshmirtz: (muffled) Help me, Perry the Platypus! Help!
(One of the planets closes in on Perry.)

(Cut back to Irving's house. Cut to inside the garage.)
Baljeet: We have made real progress today, my young padawan.
Irving: (salutes) Thank you, Mr. Baljeet, sir!
Baljeet: Finally, we have been able to harness the energy in raw vegetables to power the unicycle. But how will we make it fly?
Irving: Hold on, that reminds me of something that was made by Phineas and Ferb!
Baljeet: And me! (chuckles)
(Irving goes to a bookshelf carrying binders of Phineas and Ferb's projects. He takes one out.)
Baljeet: And just what are those?
Irving: I make a complete log of every one of Phineas and Ferb... and your... inventions.
Baljeet: That is... creepy.
Irving: And thorough! (shows a blueprint)
Baljeet: The blender-copter! Of course! Those cloud milkshakes brought all the boys to the yard, and Isa, too.
Irving: If we used the rotating blades as a propulsion unit... (gasps) ...it might actually work!
Baljeet: (blinks) Huh. I had not noticed that. I acknowledge your accomplishment with limited praise as an emotionally-restrained mentor. Let us do this!!!
(Flip wipe to Irving and Baljeet completing the prototype.)
Baljeet: And the cherry on top!
Irving: (straps goggles on) Ooh, here goes something!

(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. Candace is waiting in the front yard.)
Phineas: Hey, Candace, check it out!
Buford: What we're doin' is fun!
Isabella: Wheeee!
Candace: Uh-huh. I'm totally neutral about what you're doing there. (gasps)
(Mom's car pulls up.)
Candace: You're so close, Candace! Don't cave now! The Mysterious Force is watching! So as long as you stay cool and casual. (to Mom) Come. Hee hee. Casually this way. MOM! (giggles) Here we go. Just walk with me.
(beat)
Linda: (concerned) Sure, hon.
Candace: Mom, glad you're here to see the unique tint of our house paint.
(Mom gets out of the car.)
Candace: Taste that with your eyes. Did you notice how sour a color it is?
Linda: Never really noticed that, no. But, honey, don't you want me to look in the backyard to see—
Candace: No, no, no! Not when the height of the front lawn is so sublime.
(The gang are heard giggling.)
Linda: Wow, sounds like the kids are having fun!
Candace: (laughs) I'm so neutral, so, whatever. But these bumps in the asphalt so wonderfully avant-garde.
(Close up on Candace as her eye twitches and she laughs. She gets off the ground.)
Candace: Anyway, maybe, let's, like, go inside. Or we could just go in through the backyard for no reason. None at all, even.

(Cut back to Doof's lab. Doof is still confined by the planets.)
Doofenshmirtz: (muffled) Perry the Platypus, would you mind hitting the self-destruct button? I think my shoulders have to make a big bang.
(Perry uses a pickaxe and taps at a planet. He latches onto another planet with his pickaxe and spins it before it bumps into all the other planets, freeing Doof and he steps on the self-destruct button, causing his suit to explode. Perry rides on one of the flaming planets.)
Doofenshmirtz: Thank you, Perry the Platypus! You're the center of my universe!

(Cut to the backyard. Phineas and the gang land on the ground.)
Phineas: Everyone inside for pie!
(The gang goes inside. Baljeet and Irving arrive on the flying unicycle.)
Baljeet: Come on! We can just catch them!
(Baljeet and Irving descend from the unicycle, but the blades begin chopping the giant dandelion on the ground. Cut to Candace and Mom at the fence.)
Candace: (pretending to yawn)

(Cut to Perry on the flaming planet. He jumps off and it crashes both the giant dandelion and the unicycle. Perry takes off his hat and goes into pet mode.)
Candace: (laughs crazily) But but but but...
Perry: (chatters)
Candace: Ugh! Blasé is a total bust. Bust, bust, bust! (babbles)
Linda: Let it all out, honey. I'm relieved the other shoe has finally dropped. And you're right. It is a little sour. (takes her into the house) We should repaint the house.
(Pan right to Irving taking Phineas and the gang to the yard.)
Irving: (gasps) The invention got taken away. (happily) My invention got taken away, just like Phineas and Ferb, and Baljeet's, always does!
Isabella and Buford: "And Baljeet's"?
Baljeet: I helped!
Irving: How amazing is that?! I'm gonna go get started on my next invention so that invention can get taken away, too! Just like my heroes' inventions do! Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Yahoo! (He crashes through the fence, leaving an Irving-shaped hole behind.) Yow! (chuckles)
Isabella: What was that all about?
Buford: Yeah, the gate's right there.

(Mom is in the car at the taco shop listening to heavy metal music and banging her head to it.)
(Song: Gimme the Food)
♪ I think that this is a crime ♪
♪ When you're stuck in the drive-thru ♪
♪ And you're waiting in line ♪
♪ And the guy controls the speaker ♪
♪ And he asks if you are eager ♪
♪ For the burger and the fries that you already ordered! ♪

♪ Just gimme the food! ♪
♪ Just gimme the food! ♪
♪ 'Cause you're hungry and you're tired ♪
♪ And you're not in the mood! ♪
♪ Just gimme the food! ♪
♪ Just gimme the food! ♪
♪ 'Cause you're hungry and you're tired ♪
♪ And you're not in the mood! ♪

♪ Then he tells you that you'll just have to wait! ♪
♪ There are three cars ahead of you ♪
♪ But it's getting late! ♪

