(Scene opens on the Flynn-Fletcher house. Cut to backyard where Buford is showing the gang a model of his Bread Bowl Hot Tub.)
Buford: It doesn't hafta be chowder. Could be a bisque, broth, a consommé.
Phineas: But wouldn't we get all covered in—
Buford: We'd all be delicious!
Isabella: Covered in soup.
Buford: I'm just workshoppin' this okay? (Takes out a figurine of Phineas wearing a tuxedo.) Here, for scale. (Drops the figurine into the soup.) Bread Bowl Hot Tub.
The gang: Oh.
Phineas: Gang, I know what we're gonna—
(A crash is heard offscreen.)
Lawrence: Oh, Blimey!
Phineas: Dad?
Lawrence: Oh, no.
Phineas: Come on!
(The gang exit, except Baljeet.)
Baljeet: Why is he wearing a tuxedo? It looks like he should be on a wedding cake.
Isabella: It's mine! (takes the figurine) Don't you worry your little head about it.

(Cut to the garage.)
Phineas: Whatcha doin'?
Lawrence: Oh, my favorite bookcase finally gave up the ghost. A lot of these I should get rid of, but some of them are my favorites. 
Phineas: Maybe we can help. We could build you the ultimate bookcase.
Isabella: Ooh! That's something we've never built before.
Buford: Yeah. Because it's boring. Whereas a Bread Bowl Hot Tub, on the other hand...
Phineas: I know what we're gonna do today!
Buford: It's gonna be the bookcase, isn't it?
Phineas: Yes, it is!
Lawrence: Jolly good. We're gonna need wood and nails and—Oh, where's Perry?
Ferb: Why would we need Perry to build the bookcase?
(Beat.)
Lawrence: I, uh, was just wondering.

(Cut to Perry. He puts on his hat, pushes a button and a giant ball encases him. The button is replaced by a bush. The giant ball goes into an equally giant pinball machine, where all the obstacles are cardboard cutouts of Doof. The ball enters the lair, and a flashing sign emerges saying "NEW HIGH SCORE! ONE BILLION!".)
Major Monogram: Carl, Agent P beat your high score!
Carl: (offscreen) Oh, man.
Major Monogram: Agent P, we've noticed an excess of plant life on Doof's balcony. We suspect it's part of a nefarious scheme. Get to the bottom of it, Agent P.
(Exit Perry. Carl appears in frame going into the ball.)
Carl: I'm going back in, sir.
Major Monogram: You can't keep chasing that high, Carl.

(Cut to the backyard. Phineas, the gang, and Dad are belted up and have a pile of wood in front of them.)
Phineas: Ready, Dad?
Lawrence: Okay, let me just fetch my spanner. I won't be a tick.
Buford: What's a spanner?
Isabella: A wrench, (affecting the King's English) with an English accent.
Buford: And what's a tick?
Isabella: A parasitic arachnid that attaches itself to larger, warm-blooded vertebrates?
Buford: Dis has not made anything clearer to me.

(Cut to the garage.)
Lawrence: What did I come in here for again? Was it my Bench Warmer baseball cards, or this photo of me kicking an orange, or my sculpture of the world's happiest jackalope?

(Cut back to the backyard. Phineas unrolls a blueprint.)
Buford: Why are we building this thing again? Pretty sure the prevailing wisdom is reading is boring.
Phineas: Reading helps with your imagination.
Buford: Yeah. I'm out.
Phineas: All right, Ferb, let's kick it off!
(Ferb clicks a remote, causing the blueprint to become three-dimensional.)
Phineas: We're gonna give Dad the ultimate summer reading bookcase!
Isabella: We can add rope swings, secret passages.
Baljeet: A homework checking station. I mean a foosball station.
Buford: (coming back in) And a pool! That's hot! Filled with soup! I'm back in!
(Song: Quirky Worky Song)
(The gang begin building the bookcase. Candace emerges from a box of books and takes one called Hypnosis 101 for Everyday Use.)

(Cut to Mom in the living room reading the book My High Strung Teen Parent-Child. Candace comes in swinging a pocket watch.)
Candace: You want to come to the backyard with me, Mom... You want to come to the backyard...
Linda: You don't need me to see anything today. Dad's recruited the kids to help him build a bookshelf.
Candace: (drops watch) Hmmm, perhaps it's time to try a more psychological approach.
Linda: It's really not.
Candace: Hehehehehehehehehehehehehe... (cackles)

(Cut to:)
♪ Doofenshmirtz Evil Incor— ♪
(The jingle is interrupted by Perry's platy-car crashing through the roof. He somersaults out and lands in something sticky.)
Doofenshmirtz: (with a bandage around his head) Ah, Perry the Platypus. So glad you could "gum" by! I mean, I knew gumbody would visit, but it's gum. It's gum. You're in a gum trap. No, really. Don't. Don't break out so fast. I-I-I-I put way too much effort into that trap. Took me six days to chew all that gum.
(Perry covers his mouth as if about to puke.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I know it's gross, and my jaw is killing me. Anyway, behold my Face-Plant-inator! It doesn't make people fall on their faces. It makes plants with my face! My face on a plant!
(Doof puts on an apron, a pair of gardening gloves, and a sun hat.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yeah, I'm aware that I look like someone's grandma, but I've taken up gardening because it was supposed to be relaxing. But instead, it brought up a lot of long-buried memories.
(Flashback to young Doof as a lawn gnome.)
Doofenshmirtz: (voiceover) In Gimmelshtump, the other kids used to tease me for not practicing photosynthesis.
Drusselstinian kids: Heinz has no chlorophyll! Heinz has no chloro...
(End flashback.)
Doofenshmirtz: And that's a weird thing to tease someone about because who practices photosynthesis? It's literally just plants. But I guess they'd run out of taunts and had to get creative. But now they won't laugh at me anymore because I've created an entire army of me-plants! Look at these guys, huh?
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant... (etc.)
(Perry frees his arms from his trap, and gets out a straw.)
Doofenshmirtz: With these Doofenplants, I will take over the Tri-State Area! I made them omnivorous because carnivorous just wasn't evil enough. I mean, "carnivorous"? What? They can't hurt plants? What's that all about?
(Cut to Perry who has now turned all the gum from the trap into a giant bubble.)
Doofenshmirtz: How did you...?
(POP!)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, wait, why did the gum only hit me? (gets out) Take this!
(Doof fires the inator several times causing several Doofenplants to emerge.)
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant... (etc.)
Doofenshmirtz: Yes, you are. Yes, you are. Who's a good plant?
(One of the plants bites Doof's finger.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Okay, I take it back. You're an abomination. Now, attack, my hench-plants! Attack!
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant... (etc.)
(Another plant bites Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ow! Ow! No, no, no, not me! Not me! No bites! No bites! Bad plants!
(The plants gang up on Doof and Perry.)

(Cut back to the backyard.)
(Song: I'm Reading)
♪ I'm reading on rope swing ♪
♪ I'm reading on a shark ♪
♪ I got night vision goggles on ♪
♪ I'm reading in the dark ♪

♪ I'm reading ♪
♪ (Reading, HUH! Reading, reading, reading, HUH!) ♪
♪ I'm reading ♪
♪ (Reading, HUH! Reading, reading, reading, HUH!) ♪

♪ I'm reading underwater ♪
♪ I'm reading upside down ♪
♪ I'm reading in the sewer ♪
♪ Gonna read all over town ♪

♪ I'm reading ♪
♪ (Reading, HUH! Reading, reading, reading, HUH!) ♪
♪ I'm reading ♪
♪ (Reading, HUH! Reading, reading, reading, HUH!) ♪

♪ My imagination's soaring ♪
♪ But I still think this boring ♪
♪ I'm reading! ♪
♪ (Reading, HUH! Reading, reading, reading, HUH!) ♪
Phineas: Hold on. Where's Dad?
Buford: He's still in the garage lookin' fer a wrench wit' an English accent.

(Cut to the kitchen. Candace attempts an alternative approach.)
Candace: Mom, whatever you do, do not come outside.
Linda: Don't play mind games with me, Candace. You're pretending to not do what I know you're actually doing won't not make me not come outside.
Candace: Yes, that's what—Wait, was that a triple negative? So... So, no.

(Cut to the garage. Dad is still rummaging.)
Phineas: Dad, are you still in here?
Lawrence: Right here, son. (straining) I did manage to find my first edition of Caveman Man, the world's first prehistoric comic book carved out of granite. Just having a little less luck finding my spanner.
Phineas: (grabs Dad's wrist) C'mon, Dad! I can't wait to show you the progress we made!

(Cut back to the backyard. The gang and Dad look at the giant bookshelf.)
Lawrence: Kids, this is miraculous! I love the book-evator and the book slide, and... Oh, my, is that a leather-bound first printing of Kafka's Metamorphosis?
Buford: A poor man's Edgar Allan Poe. Who added bugs to mask all the borrowed imagery.
(The gang stare at Buford, who prior to just now dismissed reading as "boring".)
Buford: What? I don't like reading. Bread Bowl Hot Tub!
Baljeet: (suspicious) Mm-hmm.
Lawrence: Oh, your mother's got to see this. Back in a mo.

(Cut back to Doof's lab, which is now overrun by Doofenplants.)
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant... (etc.)
(Perry whacks at one with a frying pan, and then another.)
Doofenshmirtz: Heh heh. Uh, I neglected to mention they've also developed a taste for wood, and paper, and Vanessa's pleather boots, and basically, anything I've put in front of their mouths.
(A plant flies over them and grabs Perry's frying pan.)
Doofenshmirtz: Aaaand it looks like we can add frying pans to that list.
(Doof and Perry dodge some wiring falling from the ceiling. The plants continue to wreck the place.)
Doofenshmirtz: We have to hit the self-destruct button!
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant... (etc.)
(Perry fires his grappling hook, but then Doof jumps onto his shoulders.)
Doofenshmirtz: Save me!
(Perry and Doof swing from the hook over the plants and approach the inator. Perry whacks at the plants, and then Doof.)
Doofenshmirtz: Wait, I'm not a plant. I—
(Perry whacks him again and Doof goes flying into the inator, which fires.)
Doofenshmirtz: Okay, I deserve that.

(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. The inator beam hits the backyard.)
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant... (etc.)
Buford: Whoa! That's funky! Doze are da weirdest-lookin' plants I've ever seen!
Baljeet: Do their faces look familiar?
(Close-up on one of the plants as Doof's "backstory" theme plays.)
Buford: Nah, they don't look like anybody.
Doofenplants: I'm a plant!
(Song: I'm Eating)
Doofenplants: ♪ I'm eating ♪
♪ I'm a plant, I'm a plant, plant, plant ♪
♪ I'm eating ♪
♪ I'm a plant, I'm a plant, plant, plant ♪
♪ I'm a plant! ♪

♪ I'm eating ♪
♪ I'm a plant, I'm a plant, plant, plant ♪
♪ I'm eating ♪
♪ I'm a plant, I'm a plant ♪
♪ I'm a plant! ♪
♪ I'm a plant! ♪
Baljeet: Oh, I can't look! Just like the library at Alexandria! Whyyyyyy?
Buford: Don't be so dramatic, all these books are online.
(Phineas gets out a copy of Weeding for Boy Geniuses.)
Phineas: We could use this.
(Isabella gets out Hand to Plant Combat.)
Isabella: And this.
(Buford gets out Gone with the Weeds Vols. I and II.)
Buford: And these.
Doofenplant: ♪ I'm eating, I'm a plant... ♪
(Buford whacks at the plant with the books.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant...
(Isabella closes her book on the plant.)
Baljeet: It's survival!
(Baljeet whacks on a plant repeatedly.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant...
(Baljeet finishes whacking.)
Doofenplant: ♪ I'm eating, I'm a plant... ♪
Phineas: (brandishing a sword) We won't let this bookcase go without a fight. (whacks a plant with the sword) Don't let them take the higher ground!
(Buford charges at the plants with his own sword. Baljeet throws some books.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant. I'm a plant.
(Baljeet and Isabella charge at the plant with their swords.)
Doofenplants: ♪ I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a— ♪
(Whack!)
Buford: Now this is what I'm talkin' about!
Baljeet: When have you ever talked about this?
Buford: Tuesday. A week ago.
(Flip wipe to Buford and Baljeet on a seesaw.)
Buford: I wuz just thinkin', wouldn't it be cathartic ta pound a buncha carnivorous plants inta submission with a book?
(Baljeet just blinks.)
(Cut back to Buford and Baljeet in present.)
Baljeet: I have no recollection of that.
Isabella: Less talky-talky, more fighty-fighty!
Doofenplants: ♪ I'm eating, I'm a plant... ♪

(Cut to the kitchen. Mom is slicing a carrot.)
Candace: Come out to the backyard and see what the boys have made, and I'll be your best friend! I'll only apply to local colleges. I'll put you in the nice senior care facility!
Lawrence: Oh, Linda, you really should see what the boys have made. It's quite impressive.
Linda: Okay!
Candace: Wait, what? Oh, sure, when he says it!

(Cut back to the backyard. Isabella is whacking at the plants with books and her sword. When she pulls it away, the sword has a bite mark in it.)
Isabella: (gasps)
Doofenplants: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm a plant...
(Buford swings in and kicks a plant away, and lands on another one.)
Baljeet: Fall back! We are outnumbered!
(The plants all devour the bookcase shelf by shelf.)
Doofenplants: ♪ I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant, I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant, I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant, I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant... ♪

(Cut back to Doof's lab. Perry fights off the plants and presses the self-destruct button. When he's away from the chaos, he activates his platy-car, and jumps in. The inator blows up all the plants, and an explosion happens, sending Doof hurdling.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the Platypus, and also my own hubris for creating an army of me-plants!
(Doof lands in soil and is confronted by the kids from Gimmelshtump, now grown up and still wearing their child-sized clothes.)
Drusselstinian bullies: You still ain't got no chlorophyll! You still ain't got no chlorophyll!
Doofenshmirtz: Hey, why are you guys still wearing the same clothes?
Drusselstinian bullies: We did it for de callback! We did it for de call back!

(Cut back to the backyard. Phineas fends himself against a plant, now using a book as a shield.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant. (explodes)
(Some more of the plants explode.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant. (explodes)
(All the plants explode just in time for Candace to pull her mother into the backyard.)
Linda: Wow, kids, that is impressive.
Lawrence: It is lovely, but it seemed bigger.
Candace: But but but...
Linda: Oh, Candace, (pulls her back into the house) I can't wait for you to have children of your own one day.
Phineas: Here you go, Dad. Your very own bookcase. Sorry we lost some of it. There was a bit of an incident.
Lawrence: Oh, kids, it's wonderful. The big one wouldn't have fit in the library anyway. Oh, I found my spanner!
(The gang do a "Yeah! shot", where they jump in the air and freeze in place. Perry comes into the shot, followed by Candace.)
Perry: (chatters)
Candace: Oh, there you are, Perry.
(A beat as Candace looks at the still frozen gang and she nonchalantly spins Phineas around.)
Candace: You guys are so weird.

Baljeet: It's survival!
(Baljeet whacks on a plant repeatedly.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant...
(Baljeet whacks on a plant repeatedly.)
Baljeet: (pants for a while)
(Baljeet whacks on a plant repeatedly.)
Doofenplant: I'm a plant, I'm a plant, I'm eating, I'm a plant, I'm a plant plant plant...

