(Scene opens on an arena at night.)
Announcer: Please welcome today's lecturer, psychologist Dr. Mosley Shamai.
(Said shrink takes the podium to applause.)
Dr. Shamai: Esteemed colleagues, tonight, I make history. (He spreads his arms wide making the glass of water crash off the podium.)
(Cut to Candace grabbing her Mom to the audience.)
Candace: I told you, my therapist is giving a talk!
Linda: I'm so glad you're talking to someone about this. It's all—
Candace: Come on, it's already started!
(She grabs Mom.)
Linda: Oh!
(Cut back to the stage.)
Dr. Shamai: We've all heard our clients' claims of bizarre sightings across the Tri-State Area. UFOs, giant treehouse robots, and whatever this is.
Man in audience 1: The Giant Floating Baby Head lives! (he opens his jacket to reveal a baby head T-shirt underneath as a security guard drags him away. He lifts his shirt up to reveal a Klimpaloon tattoo.) And so does Klimpaloon, the Magical Old-Timey Bathing Suit Who Lives in the Himalayas!
(Candace leads Mom to their seats.)
Dr. Shamai: Stories like his. Why is it that all of our patients believe these impossible claims? I believe I've found the answer. I present to you two clients, (Silhouettes of Doof and Candace appear on screen with red question marks over them) two complete strangers who seem to share the strange delusion. Or do they? Client one... (He changes the screen to show Candace with her eyes blacked out) a teenage girl convinced that her brothers are time-traveling space voyagers who build elaborate inventions that mysteriously disappear each day.
Candace: (chuckles)
Linda: (rummaging through her purse) Now where is that lip balm? What did I miss?
Dr. Shamai: Client two, (flips to a picture of Doof with his eyes also blacked out) a self-proclaimed evil scientist whose inventions also disappear each day, allegedly due to a crime-fighting semiaquatic mammal in a fedora.
Man in audience 2: What?
Man in audience 3: Scoff!
Woman in audience: Show us.
Man in audience 4: (nickers like a horse) Uh-huh.
Dr. Shamai: (laughs) Yes, I know. These bizarre claims sound like the ridiculous plot of a children's cartoon.
(The audience gasps.)
Dr. Shamai: But behind this curtain is weeks of research that will expose the truth!
(The audience chatters as Candace looks excitedly but Mom looks at her phone.)
Dr. Shamai: (laughs) They'll see! They'll all see! And to think it only started four weeks ago.

(Flashback to four weeks ago outside Dr. Shamai's office. Cut to inside the office. Doof is on the couch holding a teddy bear.)
Doofenshmirtz: ...and once again, just as I was about to take over the Tri-State Area, Perry the Platypus hits the self-destruct button, foiling my evil scheme.
Dr. Shamai: Clearly a symbol for your self-destructive behavior. And the platypus, an obvious metaphor for whatever's keeping you down.
Doofenshmirtz: I'm not speaking metaphorically. Perry the Platypus actually came in wearing his little fedora and destroyed my inator every single day last sum—Hold on, I think I'm having a breakthrough! I think maybe—
(Watch beeps)
Dr. Shamai: That's time! We'll pick this up next week. Bye-bye.

(Rotate wipe to Candace now on the couch.)
Candace: ...and once again, just as I was about to show my mom, some Mysterious Force took the Rollercoaster away, foiling my epic bust!
Dr. Shamai: Sounds like classic self-sabotage. And a rollercoaster, hmph, an obvious metaphor for life's ups and downs.
Candace: I'm not speaking metaphorically! The boys' inventions disappeared every single day last summer! And, of course, Mom never sees it! It's always, "Who wants pie? Oh, there you are, Perry."
Dr. Shamai: Wait. Who's Perry?
Candace: Perry, our pet platypus. Come on, Doc. Keep up.
Dr. Shamai: Hmmm. Tell me more.
(Song: No One Understands Me)
Candace: ♪ At a quarter to 3:00 the boys' invention  disappeared just as Mom arrived... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Disappeared just as Mom arrived... ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ My inator fired off of my balcony at 2:45... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ His inator, 2:45... ♪

Candace: ♪ Reality dissolves before my very eyes, ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ And I'm starting to realize... no one understands me... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop wop ♪
Candace: ♪ No one understands me... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop wop anoobei  ♪

Candace: ♪ Just last Friday what they're bulid got up, and danced away! ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ That sentence doesn't even make any sense! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I built my Dance-Away-inator the day before Saturday... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ But that's an interesting coincidence, ♪
♪ With all the information that you have now, could these two stories be connected somehow? ♪
Dr. Shamai: ♪ I think I have a theory! ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop wop ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ No one understands me... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop wop ♪
Candace: ♪ No one understands me... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop woo ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Candace: ♪ No one understands me... ♪
Dr. Shamai: Hmmm, disappearing inventions? A platypus? Something oddly specific is going on here. And where is this "Perry"?

(Cut to the so-called "platypus" eating from his dish, when his watch goes off. He puts on his hat and goes into the bathtub and jumps, but nothing happens.)
Major Monogram: (on watch) Agent P, the shower entrance only opens on ice cold.
(Perry turns on the cold water and shivers before dropping into his lair.)
Major Monogram: (laughs) Agent P, the cold shower is the oldest prank in the book!
Carl: Good one, sir. Classic!
(Carl presses a button and multiple towels land atop Agent P.)
Major Monogram: (laughs, clears throat) Agent P, we've learned that Doofenshmirtz may be in therapy. And if so, we fully support him and hope he gets the help he needs. But, on the other hand, if this doctor he's seeing is just another evil scientist, stop them at all costs.
(Agent P emerges from the towel pile and salutes.)

(Cut to the Flynn-Fletcher house. Dr. Shamai approaches the front door and records a voice memo on his phone.)
Dr. Shamai: I need more context on these patients, so I'm conducting interviews at their places of residence.
(Cut to inside. Dr. Shamai interviews Phineas.)
Phineas: Yeah, yesterday was the giant mechanical squid on roller skates, and today, we were gonna make a Bread Bowl Hot Tub, but here you are.
Lawrence: Well, perhaps they get it from me. I'm a bit of a tinkerer myself.
Isabella: Yeah, Phineas is a genius.
Linda: No, Doctor, I never see anything.
Buford: I ain't talkin' ta no shrinks!
(Ferb just blinks, as he is wont to do.)
Baljeet: From my observations, Candace's instability stems from her desperate need for attention, which she clearly is not getting from her mother. It is no wonder Candace is crying out for help.
Dr. Shamai: (voiceover) It seems each of them had a different grasp on reality. The data was inconclusive. I still needed more proof to validate my theory.

(Crossfade to Doof's apartment. Dr. Shamai emerges from the elevator and rings the buzzer. Cut to inside. Doof is gathered at a table with Norm and Vanessa for tea.)
Doofenshmirtz: Come in.
(Dr. Shamai enters but gets snagged into a rope trap.)
Doofenshmirtz: Uph! Oh, I'm sorry, that trap was meant for Perry the Platypus.
Dr. Shamai: Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. I was wondering, though, Heinz, is it possible to see one of your so-called "inators"?
(Doof presses a button freeing Dr. Shamai.)
Doofenshmirtz: You betcha! Y'know, y'know, I really took our last session to heart, so I built a very special inator. Behold! The self-destructing-self-destruct-inator! Designed to self-destruct the self-destruct button. A symbolic act of confronting my self-destructive behaviors. I know, it's a little on the nose.
(Enter Perry.)
Doofenshmirtz: Ah, Perry the Platypus, you made it! (to Dr. Shamai) I-I-I-I hope you don't mind I asked my nemesis to join our session.
Dr. Shamai: (voiceover) That's when I found out that the platypus was real!
Doofenshmirtz: You know we can hear you, right? I mean, we're standing right here.
(Cut to reveal Dr. Shamai recording into his phone.)
Dr. Shamai: Oh, I was talking about another patient and another platypus. Not you.
Doofenshmirtz: Great. (Gives scripts to Norm and Vanessa) I thought we could try a little role-playing exercise. Perry the Platypus, you be me. (to his own reflection) Me, you be Perry the Platypus.
(Perry throws away his scripts and attempts to walk away from this nonsense.)
Doofenshmirtz: Come on, commit to the bit. Here, like this. (He kneels down and puts on a fedora.) "Oh, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, you're so evil. How can I ever thwart you?"
(Perry just gives him another look.)
Doofenshmirtz: Oh, oh, right, right, you don't talk. Here, here, I'll help you. (grabs Perry's bill and makes it seem like he is talking) "Ah, Perry the Platypus, what an unexpected..." Well, I am really gonna have to carry this whole show, aren't I? Anyway, normally, it looks like this.
(Doof grabs Perry's arm around his neck to make it seem like he is fighting him.)
Doofenshmirtz: Vanessa, your line.
Vanessa: "Whatever, Dad. Exit stage left."
Doofenshmirtz: One small note, sweetie. You don't have to read the stage direction. Anyway, you get the idea. Kick here, punch here, bada boom, bada bing. Oh, no! Look out! He body-slammed me into my self-destruct-inator!
(Doof bumps into the inator and it fires off a blast.)
Doofenshmirtz: Y'know, I never really know where these beams go, but I... I like to think it's a Mysterious Force for evil doing something bad to someone somewhere.
(Dr. Shamai's phone rings. Split-screen to Candace looking out her bedroom window.)
Candace: Dr. Shamai, you said to call when it's happening. It's happening! The Mysterious Force just zapped the boys' invention and it disappeared!
Dr. Shamai: Disappeared? Just now?!

(Cut to Dr. Shamai's office. Dr. Shamai collects random garbage and pins it to a string theory conspiracy board.)
Dr. Shamai: (voiceover) Incredible! The same moment Client 2 claimed his inator-ray fired, Client 1 claimed that her brother's invention disappeared! By Jupiter! Is this a case of visceral psychosis? Could this actually be real? Finally, it all made sense! Although these two subjects had no contact with each other, their stories, in fact, were connected! This is the discovery of a lifetime! And tomorrow night, with my patient's permission of course, I will reveal the astounding truth of Danville's Mysterious Force! (laughs crazily)

(Crossfade back to the present with Dr. Shamai on stage.)
Dr. Shamai: Client 1 even told me her brothers are making a flying disco blimp tonight!
Candace: We're gonna bust Phineas and Ferb once and for all! (laughs)
Linda: Sorry, just ran to the bathroom. What'd I miss this time?

(Cut to a helicopter shot above the arena. The disco blimp is indeed hovering overhead. Crossfade to inside, where Phineas and the gang are boogieing and dressed in 1970s fashion and hair.)
Baljeet: And how is this supposed to expunge my childhood fear of the boogeyman?
Buford: Ya just gotta out-boogie the man!
Phineas: Come on, guys, time for the musical dance sequence!
Buford: My sequins are already dancin'.
(Song: Disco Sphere)
♪ We're a thousand feet off the ground ♪
♪ We're already up, so it's time to get down ♪
♪ We're here ♪
♪ (We're all up here...) ♪
Phineas: Hit the outside projector, Ferb, so all of Danville can join in!
(Ferb presses a button on the remote activating a projector over the floating disco ball.)
♪ Do your cardio, but don't pull a muscle ♪
(Cut to Perry in his platy-car. He turns on his video phone to see Monogram and Carl destroying all evidence.)
Major Monogram: Agent P, Code Red! Doof's therapist is about to blow the lid off of OWCA's entire operation, exposing us all! You must stop him! (to Carl) Keep shredding, Carl!
(Perry's car floats over the arena and he lands on the catwalk.)
Dr. Shamai: The question at hand, is this all a delusion or could it all be true?
(Cut back to the audience. Candace talks to her mother, who has earbuds in.)
Candace: This is my moment! Woo-hoo! This is about meeeeeee!
Linda: Omigosh, I never realized that. Okay, bye. (takes out earbuds) Sorry, honey. Your dad called with an antique emergency.
(Cut to backstage. Doof opens the garage.)
Doofenshmirtz: He was so impressed with my inator, it seems a shame not to have it here for the presentation.
(Perry swings down and kicks Doof into the curtain. Doof fights back. Perry drops a sandbag.)
Doofenshmirtz: Curse you, Perry the—WHOA!
(Doof gets snagged on the sandbag's rope and flies into the rafters. Cut back to onstage.)
Dr. Shamai: On this stage is weeks of research that will change the course of psychology forever!
(Backstage, Doof drops onto the inator, which fires up a beam. Cut to outer space. The beam bounces off a couple of satellites like a pinball and lands on the disco blimp. The beam keeps pinballing and hits every piece of evidence backstage. Doof runs away in fear.)
Dr. Shamai: Curtains, please.
(The curtains open and Perry throws off his hat and goes back into mindless pet mode.)
Dr. Shamai: Yes, hold your applause...
(Confetti cannons fire.)
Dr. Shamai: ...as you bask in my brilliance!
(Crickets chirp. The audience snickers.)
Man in audience 5: I don't think so!
Dr. Shamai: What?! My research! My proof! It was all here! (to Perry) What are you doing here? Where's your fedora?! (to audience, trying to make Perry stand up) He can walk! Look!
(Cut to the disco blimp.)
Phineas: We got to abandon ship!
Isabella: Good thing we're all wearing parachute pants.
Ferb: Time to get down.
(Ferb pushes the button and the disco ball makes Phineas and the gang fall off as their parachute pants poof up and they laugh.)
Dr. Shamai: My proof! Oh, my beautiful proof! What happened to my... (gasps) Wait. The disco blimp! It's real! It's all real!
Candace: Yes, yes, YES!!!
(As Candace stands up, she accidentally knocks over her mom's purse, starting a chain reaction.)
Linda: Oh, my things.
Man in audience 6: Oh, my briefcase!
Woman in audience 2: Oh, my purse!
Man in audience 7: Oh, my satchel!
Man in audience 8: My valise!
Dr. Shamai: Look up! Forget what you dropped! Look behind you!
(Cut back to the pinballing beam as it shoots down and hits the disco sphere.)
Dr. Shamai: (screams)
(The audience gets their things and finally looks up to see... nothing.)
Dr. Shamai: But, but, but, but, but, but, but...
Candace: (sighs) Tell me about it, Doc.
Dr. Shamai: Wait a minute. Is it true or is it... Did I just imagine all of this? (unhinged) Do any of these people even exist?!
(A security guard arrives to escort him off the stage.)
Dr. Shamai: Do I even exist?! Am I the delusional one?! Or am I just the delusion?!?! (A screen descends from the stage saying "Delusional".) STUDY MEEEEE!!!
(Cut to later, with the audience leaving.)
Linda: Candace, perhaps we should get you a different therapist, one that won't get dragged offstage in a public meltdown. That was a lot. Are you okay, honey?
Candace: Okay? Mom, I feel great! What Dr. Shamai went through just once completely broke him! I go through that every day! (gasps) And look at me! I'm doing just fine!
Linda: Mmm, I'm so happy to hear that.
(She gives Candace a hug, but Candace's eye twitches indicating that she is not in fact fine.)

Candace: ♪ Just last Friday what they're bulid got up, and danced away! ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ That sentence doesn't even make any sense! ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ I built my Dance-Away-inator the day before Saturday... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ But that's an interesting coincidence, ♪
♪ With all the information that you have now, could these two stories be connected somehow? ♪
Dr. Shamai: ♪ I think I have a theory! ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop wop ♪
Doofenshmirtz: ♪ No one understands me... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop wop ♪
Candace: ♪ No one understands me... ♪
Backup Singers: ♪ Shanoobei-noobei wop woo ♪
Doofenshmirtz and Candace: ♪ No one understands me... ♪

